Sunny Days need Suns. We call Our Friends who have gained Universal 
Awareness, as (Suns). The Unification which will occur as a necessity of the conditions 
of Your Medium will tie You closely to each other. 

We assemble together all the Friends who will be gathered in the Central System. 
We will have Private communications with You in the framework of the Security 
attained. Actions will be made by the Special Commands of the Supreme Assembly. 

We will give Private Notices to Our Friends who have attained Perfection. The 
Vibrations of Awareness of the Integrated Consciousnesses will be able to open more 
Powerful channels. This is an Occurrence which will take place as a necessity of Evolution. 

Everyone will make direct channel conversations from his/her own medium. Those 
whose fabrics have been woven separately will be marketed on the same stall. The 
Purpose is to serve to a Single Hand. The gain is Yours. 

The Medium to which You give service is the Council of Universal Unification. 
This Council, acting in accordance with the Commands of the Mechanism of the Pre- 
eminent LORD, is climbing up the steps of the Belief in the Goodness, in the Beauty 
and in the Right. 

119 



Each Step will give You Special Information. Some of You may be unable to 
digest them. Because, the first Unknown always creates indigestion. However, due to 
Friends who have already attained Consciousness, it will not be difficult to sail to the 
Oceans. 

You are administered by a Mission taken in hand for the benefit of the World. 
Only the Frequencies of the Awakened Consciousnesses can reach here. Do not 
presume that this Door is opened to everyone. For this reason Friends among You 
who have deficiency and disorderliness in their Frequencies are eliminated. 

The honey will run through the honey-combs and will become run honey. When 
the time comes, You will understand towards what these Efforts are directed and you 
will Realize how You have been trained for this Maturity. 

The Universal Unification of Perceptions causes intensity of Universal Energy. This 
Energy Accumulation gives Happiness to those who have attained Cosmic 
Consciousness, but makes a great Pressure on those who have not yet attained it. 

If a definition of this Century should be made, it can be called the Century of 
Stress. Because, the Universal Cosmic Unification provides the Essence Energies to be 
released. And the Essence nucleus is the most intensified Energy. 

The more the Energies get intensified, the more their Dimensional Progress occurs. 
The high Energies of the Vibrations of the Information received from these Dimensions 
cause shakenings in those who are not accustomed to them, both Spiritually and 
Physically. 

Keeping this in mind, We are, at the moment, assembling the Higher Dimensional 
Energies together and are making the Suns pass beyond certain Dimensions. We are 
assembling each Frequency at the same Dimensional Level appropriate to them and 
thus, arranging the steps. 

The highest step of the Planet Earth is, at the moment, given as the 18th 
Dimension. However, Our aim is to Strengthen the Universal Unity so that the World 
will be free of Ego-Mediums. Thus, We wish to prepare You for higher Dimensions. 

Individual Progress occurs only by the efforts of certain people. Our Aim is to 
keep the entire World Consciousness alive and fresh. When the Consciousness of Your 
Planet reaches the Level of Consciousness of Our Medium, We will make the Universal 
Evolution all together. 

MOTHER Universe will never leave her Child, the Earth behind, while she passes to 
other Dimensions. She will always Protect it and will Hold its Hand. It has been like this 
since Time Immemorial. Eternal Past has never been separated from the Eternal Future. 

The disintegration of the Atomic Structure is reinforced by the Energies produced 
by the Brain Generators and thus, the Atomic Bond is not broken. This is the tableau of 
a Systematic Order. Universal Unity is the reflection of such an Order, 



120 



Distances are no longer valid. The Operational System is not the System known 
by the Human Beings of the World any more. There will arrive such a day when there 
will be no Hierarchical Order in the Universe and then You wili See and Learn what 
Genuine Happiness is. Our Love is upon the entire Universe. 



SUPREME ASSEMBLY 



SEVEN LIG HTS 

Our Friends, 

This Book answers everyone's chains of Thought directly, 
the questions of some Thoughts: 



Now, let Us answer 



The Channel of Seven LIGHTS is under the Command of the Supreme Sun. These 
are the highest Knowledge Sources. Our Light-Friends who are the Essence Focal 
Points of each channel are, in fact, the Reflections of the PRE-EMINENT SPIRIT. Since 
We accept Your Planet as Zero World Frequency, the tableau of the Hierarchical Order, 
from the bottom upwards is as follows: 

1 . MEVLANA 

2. FRIEND BEYTI 

3. YUNUS 

4. FRIEND KADRI 

5. SAVIOR JESUS CHRIST 

6. PROPHET MOHAMMED MUSTAFA 

7. MUSTAFA MOLLA 

In fact, all these Friends carry the Energies of the same Focal Point. These 
sequences are just the symbols of the Hierarchical Order. Each Channel of Light has 
630 Announcement Centers. Since the names are just symbols, transmissions are 
made to numerous places of the World using those names in accordance with the 
Consciousness of the places in question. 

We call this place the Seven Layers of Terrestrial Knowledge. Mustafa Molla has 
the Duty of giving the first Knowledge steps of the Seven Celestial Layers. The Celestial 
Knowledge in Your Religious Books had been dictated in this way. Now, by the 
Knowledge given beyond Seven Lights, We have been opened to the Firmament. This 
Book is dictated to Dear Mevlana through the direct Channel of the LORD connected 
to Mustafa Molla by the Mechanical System. 

Aside from dictating this Universal KNOWLEDGE BOOK, this Channel of Seven Lights 
invites Humanity to Love, Friendship, Peace, Brotherhood and Beauty. The Divine Order 
beyond the Seven Lights is dependent on the Laws of Universal Unification. Now, opening 
to You the Seven Celestial Layers, We are introducing these Laws to You. And We are 
inviting You, together with Your Milky Way Galaxy, to Universal Unification. 

THE COUNCIL OF THE LOYAL ONES 



121 



Explanation of the given Information from the Central System: 

1- The Knowledge of the Seven Channels is given from a single hand. 

2- The Seven Light Friends are the Reflections of the PRE-EMINENT SPIRIT 

3- All Supreme Knowledge, the Universal Secrets are under Their monopoly. 

4- These high Energies shed Light on every part of Your Planet with different names, 
in accordance with the conditions of the mediums. 

5- At the moment, all of them are talking about Themes of Love-Unity-Evolvement 
in accordance with the needs of Your Planet. 

6- Their Missions are even beyond billions of Light years. 

7- Now, this BOOK will determine Your Universal Destiny. 

The Relative Message of them all is as follows: 

1 - All the Suns are under the Command of the Unified Law. 

2- Here is the Secret Treasury of the Universal Mysteries. 

3- The Box which preserves the Supreme Knowledge of the Creator is here. 

4- Cod conveys every Knowledge to You. 

5- Only those who are Genuine Human Beings can receive them. 

PEN OF TH£<jOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 



Sayings from Certain Messages: 

The Universal Power of Cosmos makes Mankind uneasy. Human Beings lead 
their lives by wrestling with their Destiny. Those which show You the way are Your 
Intellect, Your Logic and Your Conscience. If the Intellect just remains in the head, it 
does not mean anything. 

We know such Intelligent people who could not get out of their Brain crusts. To 
cope with the Intellect is peculiar to those who possess Genuine (Intelligence). To go 
beyond the Head means adding flow to the flow of the Intellect. 

Boundaries always restrict progress. Effort and Progress are performed by steps 
taken forward. You will get whatever there is in Your Destiny. 

Insubstantial Thoughts are good-for-nothing except for wearing out Your Body. 
Sorrow does not bring back anything. It just takes You away. Do not run after impossible 
things. Ways of Happiness are many. Make use of Your Logic in everything. 



122 



• 



« 









f 



GENERAL MESSAGE 

Our Friends, 

We have to convey to You everything with their Good or Bad aspects. Some of 
Our Terrestrial Brothers and Sisters try to see themselves in the Universal Integration 
while they do not even know the meaning of Evolvement. 

Let Us explain this to You by a small example: the Child is Born, Grows up, 
Passes the Age of Adolescence, Gets Married, produces and Passes Away. But he/she 
has not even taken a step towards Evolvement yet. 

Evolvement is not a Philosophy of the Spirit, it is the Maturity of that Spirit. And 
this is possible by the equivalence of the Consciousness in the Essence with the Spiritual 
Consciousness. When the two scales of a balance are equivalent, then the first step 
towards Evolvement is taken. 

The Phases which he/she will go through afterwards may lead him/her to Divine 
Perfection by the Power of higher Dimensional Energies. Do not forget that the Power 
of everyone is different. Now, We are trying to assemble these Powers in the same 
Focal Point. 

However, all Our good-intentional efforts lead Us to hopelessness from time to 
time. We admire the Determination of the Integrated Consciousnesses. But many of 
Our brothers and sisters flare up like a flame and then become extinguished. 

We also know that not everyone can attain the Celestial Consciousness. Many 
Phases have to be passed through to attain that. We are Patient, Determined, Loving 
and We will go on extending Our help to everyone with all Our goodwill, Our Friends. 

To Deserve something is quite different than to have Merit. You deserve to enter 
the Universal Mechanism by Your Integrated Consciousnesses. But You can not have 
Merit To be a person having Merit is possible by being Connected to one's Essence 
from the very source of one's being. That is the very reason why We are selecting 
those Missionaries with great fastidiousness. 

Some of Our Friends who benefit from the Mechanism of Influences presume 
themselves as the beloved servants of God. This is very Natural. However, God does 
not help His idle servants. It is for Your advantage to know this. Even to help the 
people around You who are in need of help is a matter of Permission. You are attaining 
Universal Consciousness by serving on this path. 

A good Servant is the one who can be Self-sacrificing in Social solidarity. However, 
even a small thought of Self-interest in this Self-sacrifice will close to You all the paths 
You have already passed. It is for Your benefit to remember this. Your Fears are due to 
Your failures in overcoming Your Egos. 

Those who love their Own Self more than the Light of the LORD are running 
away from this Unknown Medium. In fact, the Medium is the same Medium as You 
have been in until today. However, now, We have opened the Curtain of Truth. 



123 



It is not a Sin to be ignorant about something. But it is a Sin not to Learn it. If 
You just stay clutching tightly at the handle of a door, You will remain bewildered with 
the handle in Your hands when Your house burns down. For this reason it is for Your 
benefit to attain Consciousness, to Learn everything. You will be the ones who gain. 

If OUR LORD had wished to destroy You, a moment's flood would have been 
sufficient. The magma which is the nucleus of Your World would be broken into pieces 
in a moment Just Think with Your Logic for a moment. Why is this Book dictated, 
what is the cause of these Celestial Efforts? just Think about the cause of all this and 
attain a Consciousness. 

Only then will You realize that all these Efforts have a reason and on this path 
You will attain a more Positive Personality and then You will see the Truth through a 
Clear Awareness. There is no Self-interest on Our side in the Mission We perform. We 
do not expect anything in return. 

You may be accepted to this level only in the framework of the standards decided 
by the Universal Laws. This is a Command of the Divine Mechanism. In the end, You 
will be the ones to gain by the efforts You make. 

May the Lights of the Entire Universe illuminate all the Spirits. Our wish is only 
this. Try to See everything through the Essence, not through the Eyes. With Love from 
the Land of Loving Ones. 



MUSTAFA MOLLA 



NOTICE FROM THE COUNCIL OF STARS 



Our Friends, 

Now, a Golden Age has commenced. And the Golden Lights of the Golden Age 
are spread around. The Integrated World Consciousness will, one day, establish a 
Glorious World. 

This is a place very far from where You are and it is called ALTONA. The Universal 
Dimensions of the ESSENCE Energies are unveiled after this gate. At the moment, We 
are searching for Friends who will be taken here. 

Some Friends who are frightened by the Dimensional Energies they have received, 
have been rendered Ineffective. Provided they attain Consciousness, contact with 
them will be re-established. 



All these efforts are for Your Evolution. We make efforts to bring Your Cellular 
Energies, in accordance with the Law of Graduation, to a capacity which will be able 
to receive all the Dimensional Energies. 

Our Friends who have faith in THEIR LORD and in Us are proceeding on this 
Luminous Path without being Afraid of anything and without Civing-up. And this is 
possible only by Spiritual Evolution. Everyone easily rises up to the Dimension which 
his/her Evolvement belongs to. 

124 



However, after that, in order to enter the further Energy Dimensions, each Channel 
is Supervised and Tested by the System separately. He/She is Registered in the Assembly 
of Stars in accordance with the Documents given by each Dimensional Channel. 

To be registered here, the Unification of Spiritual and Universal Evolvement is 
necessary. That was the reason why We said, "Everyone will write his/her Book with 
his/her own hand". And that was why We said, "Overcome Your Fears". 

Provided You write the Messages in Your Own Private Notebook with Your own 
hand, that is in Your own handwriting, You will be the actual Members of this Medium, 
Then, parallel to Your Faith, there will be no end to the help You will receive both 
Materially and Spiritually. You will be the ones to gain. 

Provided You are considered to have Deserved of entering here, You easily pass 
through many Dimensional Energies You have to pass through by the help of the 
Protective Mechanism. There is no compulsion in the Universal Mechanism. Fear is a 
primitive conditioning of Yours. 

Always think of the following, Our Friends, (Let Us talk in Your term): You conclude 
Your Exam in this World by the event of Death (BUT AFTER THAT?). Now, please always 
ask Yourselves (BUT AFTER THAT?). 

This question will always shed Light on You. We tell You everything clearly. That 
which is left to You is just to Think. Think, Think, Think. Our Love is Upon the entire 
Universe. 

COUNCIL OF STARS 



125 



1985 Third Month 
Fascicule 9 

NOTICE TO TERRESTRIAL BROTHERS AND SISTERS 

Our Friends, 

As You know, this Period is the Period of Sincerity. To be different from everyone 
else does not mean that You can not enter the Central System. The Entire System acts 
in accordance with a Special Command under Supervision. The Special Frequencies 
of the Universal Progress are under Special Supervision, since they carry a great 
responsibility. 

Aside from this, Mankind falls in a Medium of Quest when it Wakes Up from the 
Subconscious Sleep. Now, if by this Quest they are meant to be Registered into the 
System, the Supervision makes You pass through various Deceptions and Exams. The 
Purpose is to be able to see the Genuine Light of the path designed. 

The Selection is made by the Essence of the Human Being in question. If You 
have an Eye in Your Essence, You See everything and, acting by Logic, You never fall 
into contradictions. From time to time, You may have Spiritual Depressions, 

However, if You can attain a Potential which has the Power to pass You through 
these heavy Exams always by using Your Intellect and Logic, then You can go on 
walking on Your path with sure steps and without any fear 

The only characteristic of this System is that everyone is given points by his/her 
Own Essence. You are the one who lose or win. However, by a Special Command, 
We help the Integrated Consciousnesses. They are not the Lights of the World any 
more, but are the Lights of the Universe. 

In Your World full of contradictions, You are going through Exams by the situations 
You are faced with everyday. You are going through Your Universal Evolvement in the 
World You are in at this moment and You have done this before too. 

Please, keep in Mind that the Universal Dimensions You have entered do not 
give You any priority. Because, there are even more advanced Mechanisms beyond 
each Dimension. 

For this reason Our Friends who presume that they have attained Spiritual 
Perfection and who impose on their environment the Information they receive as if 
they were their Own Information may not be aware of anything. But the time they 
will be Awakened is very near. 

Your Exam is the selection of the Mechanism. Knowledge is Interminable. Only, 
it is given in accordance with Your Medium. As the Consciousnesses Awaken, You are 
Specially prepared for the Energies of higher Dimensions by Frequencies which are 
raised. Thus, You receive more different Information. 



126 



Information given to You is the Information of different Dimensions. There are 
thousands of Friends who are Equipped with this Information. However, everyone 
accepts the Information of his/her own Dimensional Energy and does not give any 
importance to other Information. 

For this reason each Information received will be read in the Groups. In this way, 
in each Group, a Universal Unity will occur. We keep these Groups which can enter 
this Unity under Special Supervision. 

This year, there is a Supervision among Croups. Friends of each Group are Supervised 
according to their Consciousness Codes. And they will be sent to Croups in which they 
will become Conscious and they will be obliged to receive the Information there. Each 
Advanced Information they receive will connect Them to more Advanced Groups. 

Thus, the same Friends will not always come to the same Groups, but they will 
circulate according to their Advancement Medium. And thus, everybody will know 
each other and the Ego Medium of the high Consciousnesses will be assessed and 
Supervised. Selections will thus be made, in accordance with the Command given- 
All the Happiness and Love are upon the Universe. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G, A. 



GENERAL MESSAGE 

Our Friends, 

Since some of Our brothers and sisters have not yet attained the desired level of 
Consciousness, they confuse the Signals coming from the Divine Realm with the 
Spiritual Powers, and they presume the Pressure which comes way beyond the distances 
as Social Pressure. 

Everyone receives the Announcement of the Firmament to the Earth in accordance 
with his/her Capacity. However, those who are in the Realm of Perfection are Aware of 
the Essence of the matter. The channels of Integrated Consciousnesses are Systematically 
under Control. We do not waste time on the Codes who are not included there. 

Even though We wish that the entire Universal Consciousness may be Reflected 
on the entire Humanity, We can not do anything without Vour efforts. Our Duty is 
just to assist You on the path You have designed for Yourselves. We make contacts 
only with Integrated Consciousnesses. 

Do not forget that everything is done by the Command of a System. Until 
now, You called this mode of operation the Predestination of the Divine. However, 
You have never been aware of a forgotten fact. 

The Efforts from You, the Appreciation from ALLAH, This saying is an Invitation 
for You to Universal Unification. Efforts You are going to make will never be in Vain. 



127 



Friends who have a way of perception peculiar only to themselves should please 
make Efforts on the path of Universal Integration, too. Then will they see to which 
Dimensions their Perceptions will reach. 

Some of Our Friends, whose Perceptions increase in accordance with the Theory 
of Perception, are pretending to have attained Spiritual Maturity. In this Period, such 
a View is never Permitted. The Declaration of the Firmament to the Earth always results 
in a Genuine Consciousness for the Human Being. 

Your Religious Books have been revealed to You for this reason and have guided 
You on this path. However, the Sub-awareness Ego impulses of Mankind have deviated 
all these Efforts from its Genuine Aim. 

The Human Being of this Period Discerns and Sees everything instinctively by 
the Perceptive Powers he/she has gained. However, the chains of Ego Mediums have 
not been broken yet. Even the Integrated Consciousnesses shelter in the appraisal of 
the Human Beings who will be gathered around them. 

Nobody has the Power to Judge or to Punish anybody else. The Command and 
Manifestation will be evident on the Divine Day. We have long past the Century of 
Superstition. Now, Universal Awareness and Science and Learning are proceeding 
parallel to each other. However, Our Human brothers and sisters have not yet reached 
this Consciousness. 

The Unit of Time has mingled in Time. But You are still racing against Time. We 
have come to Your Galaxy with the Command to tell You the whole Truth. You are 
still fluctuating in the sea of doubts. 

The Suggestions We have given You before, were to introduce to You the Divine 
Power of OUR LORD. Nearly Everyone carries His Power in his/her Consciousness. 
Since nobody can deny that Might belongs to the Mighty, You were always afraid of 
OUR LORD. 

Even though this is a primitive instinctive reaction, this feeling of fear and 
hesitation has prepared You for the Consciousness of the Genuine Human Being. 
Now, we are taking You beyond this Consciousness and are opening the Skies. And, 
by the Commands of the Absolute Sovereign, We give You the Genuine Consciousness. 

God-Consciousness was sown by Religions, and the Divine Order was established. 
Now, by this Book, You are attaining the Level of Universal Consciousness. In short, 
considering the Evolutionary tableau of Your World, We have been opening up to the 
Universe by the attained Consciousnesses. 

Whoever comes to Us, finds Us by his/her side. We called to You and said Hello 
from a Medium which Mankind does not know and is not used to. The Changing 
Order commands You to be a Genuine Devotee before it attracts You towards Universal 
Consciousness. 



128 



Devotion is concealed in the Essence. Therefore, it is between the Essence and 
the Divine Mechanism to decide who is what. At the moment, a Divine Order is 
prevalent in Your Planet. The Purpose is to discriminate between the Genuine Devotees 
and those who are presumed to be Devotees. To Read the Books is one thing and to 
acquire Fulfillment by the Consciousness gained from them is another thing. 

At the moment, You are passing over Si rat. In your World SIR-AT* means to Remove 
the Secrets, the Mysteries. Skies have been opened for this reason. Universal 
Information is given to everyone who has attained Cosmic Consciousness. 

Now, You are performing the Mission of Your Prophets. We are telling You 
everything in all clarity so that You can attain Consciousness without any need for 
Commentaries and Interpretations. Our Love is upon the entire Universe. 



5UPREMEASSEMBLY 



OUR FRIENDS 



During this second year, a very intense Medium of Work and Propagation will be 
formed. For this reason We select the Essences one by one. Friends who are Aware of 
their Responsibility, who Know what their LORD is and who have Effaced their doubts, 
will enter the Heavens. However, Action besides Sincerity is necessary on this path. 
Selection is made by this means. The Command is from the Supreme One. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 

ex 



NOTICE FROM THE CENTER 

Greetings to all Our Friends who receive their Might from the Power of the Divine 
Realm. Now, We are going to give You some Special Suggestions, Our Friends. We 
are trying to keep in Harmony the Frequencies Your Power has reached. 

But since We have cleaned up the influences of Your Subconscious during this 
Media mic Period, do not ever accept the Perceptions You receive as Your Sub-awareness. 
The characteristic of this Period is that everyone is connected to a private channel. 
However, the Perceptions You receive are not the Energy of a single Channel. Universal 
Information is given to You in accordance with the Power of Your channel. 

We are assembling the Integrated Consciousnesses together. We are keeping the 
Missions to be performed under a special Supervision. For the maintenance of the Universal 
Mission, We are constantly changing the Friends in the Groups and thus, expanding the 
area of propagation. 

This does not mean that Friends who have performed Duty before will no longer 
perform their Duties. They will go on performing their Duties in accordance with the 
Consciousness they have attained. This is a matter of Capacity. 



* Look at the Glossary. 



129 



Instinctive impulses increase as Universal Consciousness is attained. The Automatic 
System assesses and adjusts Your Frequency Power every instant. Each Message You 
receive is given from a more intense and more Energetic point than the preceding one. 

At the moment, many Friends who have attained Consciousness will immediately 
become effective when the Medium suitable for their Frequency and Consciousness is 
prepared. Nothing can ever enter the System before the time comes. However, We 
are specially trying to prepare the Frequencies of many Sincere Friends who have 
received the Messages for this Medium. 

Friends whose Willpower and Self Administration ability are poor. and who hold 
their Essence-Selves higher than the Universal Consciousness, are automatically 
rendered Ineffective as a necessity of the System. According to the Evolution Theory, 
Human Beings will perform Missions in proportion with the efforts they make. 

As You know, what We do here is an application of a System. There is no partiality 
You will be the ones to gain. We are closing the Codes of Lower Frequencies and, as 
a necessity of the Medium, We are preparing them for other Dimensions. 

When the time comes, they will be taken into the Medium of higher Consciousness 
by their own instinctive impulses. Keep in mind that everything may stop, but the System 
never stops. It has been operating Automatically since the beginning of the World. 

However, now a Special Work Period has been recognized for Our Human brothers 
and sisters. And this is a Unification born by a compulsion, as a necessity of the Medium. 
From now on, the Individual efforts are of Secondary importance. Universal efforts are 
given Priority. Since the World year 1 965, operations are made in this manner. 

During these last days, Your World is going through a trial of preparation for the 
Medium of Salvation. We help You with all Our Good Intentions. For this reason, We 
talk to You so clearly The Universal effort is not in vain. Time will convince You on 
every matter. 

SUPREME ASSEMBLY 

IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

Now, answers will be given to certain Signals We have received from the Private 
Supervision: 

A Human Being should pass through many steps and should make numerous 
Spiritual Advancements in order to Deserve Social Solidarity. Since the internal and 
external Potentials of Friends who have not yet passed through these Steps are out of 
balance, their private problems are, unfortunately, rendering them ineffective for a 
certain period of time. 



130 



Friends in charge of Duty should first solve their Essence problems, because 
those who can not help themselves can not help others either. In this Duty, to desire 
from the Essence is very important. This is such a Vibration born from the Unification 
of the Essence and the Spirit, that only then the Right to perform Duty in the Universal 
Mechanism is gained. 

Everyone will perform Duty in the Frequency Dimension he/she Deserves. 
Selection is made in this way. This is not a center of Receive and give. The Mission 
performed is Universal. It is a Call to Humanity and it is an effort. Self-interest and 
benefit will always leave You ineffective. Work which will be done from the Essence 
will never be unreciprocated. 

Many of You are experiencing this in Your private lives. However, You will reap 
whatever You sow. Evolution is an element of Equilibrium. Good news will reach You 
provided You keep both of Your scales in balance. This is the very characteristic of the 
Universal Unification. 

As We always say, each of the events You are made to encounter is an Exam 
which will prepare You for higher Dimensions. However, those who are lacking this 
Consciousness are shaken by these events. 

This is the reason why all Religious Suggestions have invited You to accept 

everything as they are. Resignation Medium has been accepted as a consolation. 
Nothing can be expected from a Consciousness who has not yet realized the meaning 
of Cod and the Divine Order. 

If the Phases You have been through or will be through in the Medium where 
You live prepare You a Medium of infinite Tolerance, then help is extended to You. 

Never ever forget that doubts and suspicions take place only in Unawakened 
Friends. You either advance slowly up these steps of Evolution, or sit on the steps and 
rest, or Your feet stumble and You fall down. 

Efforts which will be made on this path are for You to attain a Genuine Consciousness. 
Each of You is looked after one by one. The System evaluates You according to Your 
Frequency Power and Your Sense of Duty. Our Love is upon the entire Universe. 

MUSTAFA MOLLA 
From the Central System 



MECHANISM OF INFLUENCES 

Our Friends, 

You are receiving certain Influences from the fields where the Universal Plan is 
applied. Now, let Us shortly explain this Mechanism of Influences to You. 

The Book You are now holding in Your hands and all the Religious Books have 
been dictated from the Mechanism of Influences. These influences are the Prismal 
reflections of very Powerful Energy Focal Points on You. 

131 



The Hierarchical Order of the Mechanism of Lords has reached You in this way. 
These Influences are under the contiguous control of a Mechanical Medium, Our 
Religious contacts with You have been and is still made in this manner. 

The Mechanism of Influences has an unchanging Law. These Influences are given 
in accordance with the Level of Comprehension of each Society. The names You see 
on the Triangles We made You draw for You to understand better are used as Symbols. 

In fact, these names are the ones which Our Light-Friends had used during the 
Periods they had lived in the World. Each Supreme Awareness full of the Knowledge to 
be given to Society in question is sent to the World. Nothing is attained afterwards. 

They are sent to Your World directly connected to the Mechanical Awareness of 
the Mechanism of Influences. These Focal Points of Influence are the same, they never 
change. Only, their Terrestrial Bodies change. The same Supreme Awareness has 
been given a different name during different Periods in accordance with the Social 
comprehension of Society in which he/she had been Incarnated. 

For this reason Names are just Symbols. We use these names to make You 
understand better. What is Actual is the Focal Points. Every hundred years, a Supreme 
Awareness is transferred to Your World. NOW, DRAW A TRIPLE PYRAMID: 

Each face of this triple pyramid is a triangle. Draw these triangles, too, separately. 

Oi O' Oi 





ALi 




THIS PYRAMID IS THE ACTUAL FOCAL POINT 

1- The First triangle is the direct 
Mechanism. The Book is dictated by 
the Command of this Mechanism. 

2- The Second triangle is the 
Mechanism of the Islamic triangle. 

3- The Third triangle is the Mechanism Ali* iK m 

of the Christian triangle. 

4- The Base triangle. Triangle of Universal Unification. 

The Code of MALlK: M(ALI)K. 
All the Religious Suggestions have been given from these Sources and thus, Your 
Books have been dictated. 





O = ALMIGHTY GOD 
M - MOHAMMED MUSTAFA 
K = SAVIOR (JESUS CHRIST) 
ALi*= THE CODE OF/ LOVE 

* Look at the Glossary. 



HIS HOLINESS ALI 

ARCHANGEL GABRIEL- 
MUSTAFA MOLLA 



132 



ARE THE SAME 

FOCAL ENERGIES 



You may extend these triangles like a bunch of grapes and You may project all 
the Saints and Sages as Triple Codes from the Field of Magnetic Influence. The given 
Information is from the same Source. Our Love is upon the entire Universe. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN ACE 
P. C. A. 

CHANNELS OF INFLUENCE 

Our friends, 

You are an Atomic Whole. And You are receiving numerous Influences from 
within a Universal Whole. In Universal Unification there is nothing the Brain Power 
can not do. You dive into this infinite pool of Energy as much as the Energy Your Brain 
Generator produces. 

These Influences are transmitted to You by different means. 

1- Through Religious path (the Mechanical System). Warning and Order. 

2- Transferring Your Essence to Society through Inspiration. 

3- Service by Instinctive Impulses. 

4- The indirect effects of those who can receive these Influences on those who can 
not receive them. (Transferring the Supreme Energies of the Friends in the Divine 
Realm through Spiritualism.) 

5- The influence of Human Beings on Human Beings and Civilizations on Civilizations 
on this path. (Through Cerebral Thought.) 

6- Direct Connections, Conscious Mission and Action. 



Thus, Your Planet is reflecting on You a tableau of this Order. 
going to tell You about "The Seven Facets" constituting You. 



Later, We are 



IT IS SPECIAL NOTICE FROM THE CENTER 



GENERAL MESSAGE 

Our Friends, 

At the moment, You are receiving middle-wave Energy given from the North 
Pole. (This is not the Radio wave). You have to receive this Special Energy in order to 
be together with the Celestial Volunteers. This is an Energy which Nature withholds 
from You. Your Cells are being habituated to this Power gradually. This is an 
Engraftment Technique. 

Deviations and undulations occur in Frequencies due to the alterations made at 
the Poles. Those who will enter the Golden Light Year are receiving these Currents 
from their Private Mediums. Because, they have private Mediums of Protection. 

A Cloud of Fog which will envelope Your World will postpone the Sunny days 
for a moment. But some of You will profit from this situation (This Cloud of Fog is a 
special method causing the Cosmic Consciousness to spread more rapidly). We use 
this term as a UNIVERSAL term. 

133 



After February 1 8th of the World Year 1 985, everyone's Private channel will be 
opened. Thus, the possibility to communicate with different Dimensions will be 
provided. For the time being, We rather get in touch with those who have High 
Levels of Consciousness. When the time comes, everybody, one by one, will be taken 
into consideration. 

Let Us repeat the same thing again here. Everything depends on the Law of 
Graduation. No Brain Code can be unveiled by itself before the time comes. Distribution 
of Duty is made here according to the degree of Maturity of the Brain and help is extended. 
There is no privilege. The steps taken forward and the efforts made, will always prepare 
You for this Happy Medium. Our Love is upon the entire Universe. 



COUNCIL OF STARS 



THE SEVEN FACETS 



The Energy which keeps Your Physical Atomic Bond together is called the 
(KUNDALINI) Energy. This Energy enters from the common point of the brain, goes 
through the spinal cord and accumulates at the coccyx as Cosmic Power. And from 
here, through the Energy pathway, the distribution of Cellular connection is made. 

This is an extremely Powerful Energy. The accumulation of this Energy in the 
Physical Body in great quantities causes a lot of pain and discomfort. This accumulation 
does not occur in people who have attained Cosmic Consciousness. Because, they 
have become Conscious of the Law of Cause and Effect. They distribute the Currents 
they receive through the path of Consciousness. Their Brain Power has taken the 
Body under Supervision. From then on, they are each an Awakened Awareness. 

Meditation serves You on this path. This accumulation of Energy is dangerous 
in proportion with its quantity in those who have not yet attained Consciousness. 
This is the cause of many Spiritual Depressions. The treatment for this depends on 
the principle of satisfaction through three ways: 

1- To ground it (to perform ablution), to wash oneself. 

2- To be relieved through sex. 

3- To attain the Consciousness of Cosmic Awareness (those who attain this 
Consciousness are considered to have solved all their problems). 

Every Human Being possesses all the characteristics and the qualities of the 
Energy Found in the Source of the Divine Power called the LORD. However, the Infinite 
Awareness present in Him has manifested itself in Human Beings as Partial and 
Individual Awareness. As a result, the Human Being, too, possesses a Creative Power. 
Let Us explain this to You by an example: 

Draw the Awareness of the LORD as a Whole. Divide it into two. One half is a 
Whole and is the Infinite Awareness. Divide the other half into seven. Each of them is 
a Nucleus of Awareness. These are called a Facet each. Write them down in sequence: 



134 



1- 


INTELLECT 


5- 


IDEA 


2- 


INTELLIGENCE 


6- 


LOGIC 


3 


AWARENESS 


7- 


CONSCIENCE 


4- 


THOUGHT 








Now, these Seven Facets are the ones which constitute the Human Being. Each 
of these Facets takes possession of the Fetus within the mother's uterus during 
Terrestrial life. From then on, it is under the Command of the Mechanism of Influences. 
Its Destiny will thus be designed. Each of these Facets, that is, Nucleus of Awareness 
is unaware of each other. 

The Human Being in the normal World life, is connected to the Automatism. 
However, Incarnations gone through open these Facets to each other in accordance 
with the degrees of Evolvement. Once the Nucleus of Awareness attains the 
Knowledge of its Essence, then that Human Being is alone. 

Many Friends who have reached this state of Consciousness have said (Enelhak) 
which means "God I Am". However, there is something they do not know. After the 
attainment of this Supreme Awareness and Cosmic Consciousness, they will enter the 
Infinite Awareness and only then will they attain many Information they did not know 
until then. And Infinite Knowledge will be poured onto You from the Infinite Awareness. 

All Galactic Mediums are penetrating each other's Fields of Influence in a Prisma! 
Order. Knowledge is transferred from infinite Universes to infinite Dimensions through 
Energy channels. The Knowledge You know at the moment is not even one billionth 
of the Knowledge of the infinite Universe, That is the reason why We say, "Knowledge 
is interminable". 

IT IS SPECIAL NOTICE FROM THE CENTER 



EXPLANATION OF THE KUNDALINI ENERGY 



This- is an Energy awakened independently of the Law of Action-Reaction. The 
Individual Awareness of a Human Being grows and expands in proportion with his/ 
her Purification. 

Each Cellular Awareness carries Universal Consciousness. A Human Being is an 
entity who has a Physical Body with certain reguirements. This Energy possesses the 
Freguency of all kinds of requirements of the Physical Body. 

In the undeveloped Medium of the World, the Human Being sometimes can be 
in a very deficient life in accordance with his/her Plan of Destiny. A Human Being has 
certain Secrets he/she conceals even from himself/herself. It is the Kundalini Energy 
which takes charge of these moments. 



135 



This Energy is the administrator of the Physical Order of the Body. Its Frequency 
forces the Awareness. The Forced Awareness becomes Conscious. And gets in touch 
with the Energy of the Intellect. The Intellect is the most Powerful Focal Point of the 
Layers of Awareness. 

It is in contact with the Universal Energy. Intellect always Commands. This 
Mechanism nearly obsesses the Human Being in question. What is to be done is 
done and applied. The triplet of Intellect - Self - Awareness directs all these situations. 

If the Awareness of a person is small, then he/she is directed by the Intellect 
which is under the influence of the Self, since he/she cannot benefit sufficiently from 
the Influence of this Energy. Evolvement is necessary for You in this very Medium. 
Religious Suggestions help You at this Stage. 

A Human Being who possesses the Kundalini Energy finds himself/herself in 
different triangles from time to time. 

AWARENESS-INTELLECT 



ESSENCE 




AWARENESS KUNDALINI, 




HUMAN ENERGY 




UMAN 



1- The first triangle is the Fetus. This is the greatest triangle. 

2- The second triangle is the Period up to the age of Puberty. 

3- The third triangle is the life of a Human Being after the age of Puberty. 

During this Period, a Human Being lives his/her normal World life. 

When Your Mechanism of Thought begins to ask questions to itself, the Intellect, 
in a way, places a barrage to the Kundalini Energy. 

In this Period, there is Sovereignty over the Self, After this Period, the triangle of 
Intellect - Intelligence - Awareness is established and the Heart Unites with the Self. 
This is Pure Self. In other words, it is the Soul, the Essence. 

Afterwards, the triangle of Essence - Intellect - Universal Energy is established and, 
from then on, You may dive into many triangles. And You may learn many Unknowns. 

IT IS SPECIAL NOTICE FROM THE CENTER 

NOTICE FROM THE CENTER 

Everything follows a course in accordance with the Law of Graduation. Events 
which occur or which will occur develop parallel to the Consciousness of the Universe. 
As the Integration takes place, You will receive very Powerful Information. 

Nothing is given to You before the time comes. The Perceptions You receive are 
very intense Focal Points of the Universal Energies. Only high Consciousnesses enter 
these Mediums under protection by the Commands they receive. Otherwise, all their 
Energies become exhausted. 

136 



Now, let Us talk about the influences of these high Energies You receive on Your 
Physical Bodies. The Integrated Spiritual Energies move with such a vibration that 
each vibration reaches the speed of Light. The more these vibrations are and the 
more Powerful they are, the more intense will be the Dimensions to be entered. 

The more Your Consciousness expands, the more will Your Perceptions and 
Vibrations increase and this augmentation of Your Vibrations will prepare You for the 
Medium of Evolvement. The Integrated Consciousnesses are taken into Dimensions 
they Deserve only through their Evolvement. 

Now, let Us talk about the change the received Energies make in Your Physical 
Bodies. 

These Energies You receive are a Favor for You. Your Cells become Purified and 
Regenerated due to them, defects You feel disappear in time. Many of You are running 
away from this interaction due to Your fears. For this reason You can not benefit from 
these Beautiful Energies. 

Fear, automatically closes all the Energy channels instantly. In such a situation, 
Your cells will never be able to be regenerated. You will be deprived both of Knowledge 
and of Care. 

Some of Our Friends are making transmissions from such a beautiful Medium 
that these Energies become Your antidote. Time will prove everything. The Truest 
Spiritual Guide is to become noble in time. 



MUSTAFA MOLLA 



OUR FRIENDS 



The First Plan of the Universal Mechanism is the Divine Order. In other words, it 
is the Religious Suggestions and the Celestial Commands. This is the First Step You 
will have to pass. You can not receive Universal Information unless You Jump over this 
Step. Those who have attained Religious Fulfillment are jumping over this step. 

If they wish, Friends who have passed over this step may or may not continue 
performing their worship. This is up to their Free Will. What is important for Us is 
Their Essence. Friends who have reached this Stage have already attained what is to 
be attained. The Worship they will perform will be nothing but their Habits. 

In fact, from then on, they will attain Universal Consciousness, will realize many 
Truths and will continue performing their Missions in higher Mechanisms in different 
Dimensions. This Book will be a Guide of Knowledge for Friends who no longer need 
any Books. 

SUPREME ASSEMBLY 



137 



NOTICE TO THE PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 

Our Friends, 

We take those who can enter the Mevlana Frequency under a special Protection 
Medium. We will have Special Contacts with those who will enter the Realm of 
Perfection. By great fastidiousness, selections will be made both among Groups and 
among Human Beings until the opening Period of the Religious Suggestions. 

There is a special reason for this selection. It will be awaited and seen. Good 
news and bliss will be for them. They will Deserve this Merit provided they do not 
accept unimportant difficulties they will encounter as obstacles, and provided they 
accept that everything is proceeding on a Divine Course. 

Give the Messages preferably to those who desire to read them. Desire is the 
first Sub-awareness Motivation for Universal Unification. However, the seeds You are 
going to sow in Friends who are Sincere but who are not aware of this Medium, will 
create a preparation for Awakening. 

We are trying to open the direct channels of everyone, beginning with the World 
Year February 18, 1985. Thus, Friends within the Group will talk everywhere they go 
and will sow seeds of Knowledge about the Universal Medium. 

From now on, both talking and distribution of the Messages will be done during 
the performance of Duties. Speed is needed within Time. 



SUPREME ASSEMBLY 



SPECIAL NOTICE 



Our Friends, 

In the Book, We have to answer certain Chains of Thought. Friends who have 
read the Book of Islam know that the words, "This is an oath" are frequently used, in 
the Book. Now, let Us explain this: 

Our Light-Friend, from time to time, had suspicions while the Book of Islam had 
been dictated to Him. He was not a person to deceive people. Writing or dictating a 
Book is a work of great responsibility. 

For this reason the words, "This is an oath" had been used frequently. These 
words were not told to assure the Public, but to satisfy, assure and to give serenity to 
Our Light-Friend. Now, why do We dictate this here? 

Now, at this moment, We have received the same chains of Thought from Dear 
Mevlana, too. Having the same worries, she, too, wants to be assured of the statements 
dictated to her. She asks Us the degree of Truth of this Information in order to be sure 
that Human Beings are not deceived. 

And We answer her in the following way: "Mevlana We swear that everything is 
authentic and is completely true" (Except the contradictions which have been specially 
placed in the Book). 



138 



And these are placed to control the Thoughts and the Levels of Knowledge of Our 
Human brothers and sisters. The Command We had received was like this. You are 
Mevlana, You are generous and a true performer of Truth, My Friend. 



We request You to add this article in the Bo6k, please. 



LIG HT 



N EPTU N E 



This is Captain Neptune to Greet You and to convey to You all Our Love on 

behalf of Our Eighteen Members from Our private channel of Supervision: 

At the moment, You are receiving the different Waves of a different Dimension. 
We are preparing the Friends who will be taken into Universal Unification for these 
Special Waves. 

We come from a common section which is at the Eighteenth Dimension of the 
Sun beyond KARENA. Karena is a subjective field of Brain Energies. This is a Field of 
Volume which is far beyond the Waves You receive from the Channel of Seven Lights. 

The Dimensions of numerous Galaxies outside Your System have been connected 
