a Flower, I became an Insect, I became an Animal, I became Human, explains this 
Energy Evolution. This Formula is the Initial Threshold of the Reincarnation Project. 

2- The Second Phase is called the Period of INTEGRATION. There, an Energy which has 
completed its Evolution within different Forms is United with the Crude Matter of a 
Cellular structure which has completed its Evolution. And later, it is taken into the 
Formation of a Prototype Human Being by being Engrafted with the Godly Gene. 

After this very Stage, directly the Reincarnation Program becomes effective. During 
this Second Phase, an Energy which attains a Humanly Body becomes Embodied 7 
times in the World and becomes more Conscious within his/her Body each time. 
And he/she registers in his/her Brain Archive the Data he/she discovers through 
Brain Power. And this registration is registered at the same time into a System 
opened to the Entity in question. 

3- The Third Phase is the Period of BECOMING CONSCIOUS. Here, the Entity taken 
into the Human Project is subjected to the Program of rendering Conscious the 
Energy within that Body and thus, his/her Brain Power is connected to the Thought 
Dimension of the Mechanism of Influences. 

And in accordance with the Program of the Brain Power's rendering Conscious 
in 7 Phases, the Reincarnation Program is connected to the Evolutionary Program 
and thus, the obligation of attaining Body in the World 7 times is taken into effect. 
The Entity Incarnated 7 times in the World had later proceeded up to the discovery 
of the Unknown Secrets by the Power of Consciousness he/she had attained each 
time. 



i 



i 

! 



1074 




■PPP»"W«« 



'WW '>"»« 



■J * -ll 




S 



is 



i 
t 

ts 

a 



■9 

7 

Ih 

T) 



le 
nt 



JS 

m 
rt. 

fy 

:h 



* 

i 



The Matters mentioned up until this moment concern the Initial Formation. 
Afterwards, the Human Being who has completed the Unknown Evolutions of more 
different Dimensions, has even reached the stage of being the Sovereign of the Universes. 

We, who have come to the present Stage by these means, and You, who come 
from Us have attained Our present Consciousness Lights. We, who have started on 
the path before You, are Your Elder Brothers. 

And You, who are Our younger Brothers and Sisters are being prepared by the 
Cosmic Influences at the Dimension You are in, in order to come to Us during this 
Final Age- 
In case the Human Being who has been Disciplined according to the Godly Project 
of the Evolutionary Ordinance until he/she has come from the Micro Consciousness up to 
the Macro Consciousness respects the Laws of the Universal Ordinance, he/she is accepted 
by the Divine Plan in accordance with the Divine Program of the Divine Project. 

And he/she Deserves to walk at the Unknown Dimensions by receiving the 
Permission to exit from the Spiritual Gate. By this means, We in front, You at the back, 
are proceeding towards the Unknowns. 

Our aim is the ATLANTA GOLDEN DIMENSION CIVILIZATION and may be even 

Beyond (The Project of, from Allness to Nothingness from Nothingness to Allness is this). 

During this Final AGE, in accordance with the Project of Unveiling the Secrets, 
Information of the Truth are conveyed according to his/her Capacity to each 
Consciousness who can receive Information. However, rn this Information, the Essence 
Knowledge, belonging to himself/ herself of that Entity also comes into Effect and 
thus, Deviations in the Information occur. 

The Knowledge Book evaluated as the Golden Book of this Final Age has been 
bestowed directly on Your Planet through the Single Channel and the Single Hand for 
this very reason. 

Our gratitude to Dear Mevlana who helps Us on this severe path is infinite. Let 
Us repeat again, at the moment, the Consciousness Light of Dear Mevlana is kept 
Outside the World Chaos and is connected to the Cosmo. By this means, the direct 
Information of the Totality are transmitted exactly as they are. 

Awareness is spotless at the Cosmo Consciousness. Only the Essence is in effect. 
In this Program, (The Essence wishes, the Consciousness attracts). The Consciousness 
Light of Dear Mevlana had been connected to her Essence during the former Periods 
as a necessity of her Missions. However, her present Mission is quite different. 

At the moment, since her Essence and her Consciousness are connected to the 
Cosmo, she is Directly the Spokesperson of the System. And now, she talks to You not as 
Mevlana but as the SYSTEM - ORDINANCE - ORDER. It is presented for Your Information. 

COSMO FEDERATIVE SYSTEM 
ON BEHALF OF THE TOTALITY 



1075 



24 - 10 - 1993 



IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION 
(It is Answer to the chains of Thought) 



Our Friends, 

All the operations required to be made in accordance with the Suggestions given 
to You, are the direct Projection Program of the System's Order to Your Planet and in 
these operational Ordinances Private actions in accordance with Terrestrial Views and 
Thoughts are out of question. 

Now, everyone should know that the operational Ordinance of the Totalities of 18 
is an Occurrence concerning the Formation of the Magnetic Aura of the Knowledge Book. 

For this reason at the instant in which the operation is made during all the rendered 
Operational Staffs of 1 8, the entire Frequency of the Knowledge Book is loaded, through 
the Private Channel of the Reality, on the Fascicules comprising the Operational 
Ordinance of 18 which are required to be read and thus, the Reflection System is 
rendered Effective, 

The Aura which the Totalities of 18 project is, in fact, the collective operations 
made on the same Coordinate by all the Consciousnesses who have reached the 
Awareness of the entire Ordinance. 

However, the Mixed Reflection Programs have been taken into effect due to the 
reason that this collective Totality of Consciousness can not be reached at the moment. 

The states of Sleep occurring during the operations made at Croup meetings, 
are an Occurrence pertaining to the making of a healthy Reflection. 

Each Individual within the Totality of 18 is still in the Influence Aura of the 
Dimension Frequency he/she is in, no matter how much he/she gives service for the 
Reality Totality. 

In accordance with the Thoughts received from the Diskette registrations, since 
it is not possible for each Individual to reach the Magnetic Aura of the Reality Totality 
by using his/her Thought Power the Reality raises the Aura of the Totality of 1 8 up to 
the Dimension of Serenity under the Supervision of the System and thus, interrupts 
the Frequency of Terrestrial Awareness and, by this means, takes into effect a healthy 
Reflection. 

Mediums of Sleep are rather rendered effective, in connection with the 
Automatism, in Consciousnesses who have not yet Come Out of Terrestrial 
Consciousness Totality. 

During the operations of the Totalities of 1 8, the Individual reaches the Dimension 
of Pure Awareness through the state of Sleep, so that the Aura of the Totality will not 
be damaged in accordance with Terrestrial Thoughts. 



1076 



UPIHI'MI. 



w*mwm*\ 



And he/she benefits from the Aura forming within the Medium through his/her 
Awareness. This is a Program. In Individuals who have come out of the Dimension of 
Terrestrial Consciousness, the Consciousness is more Awake. The Subject Matters of 
the Messages read are grasped in a healthier way. 

In accordance with the Universal statistical circumstances, the Reflection Powers 
of Friends who give service for the Reality Totality are still very weak, apart from the 
Individual Good-will and Efforts they exhibit at the Medium of Mission. 

For this reason a Mixed Program at present is effectively in service. During the 
processes of time, together with these Totalities of 18 which will attain the Consciousness 
of Genuine Universal Discernment, Programs of direct Reflection will be taken into effect. 

Provided the Individuals who work in the Totalities of 18 do not give emphasis 
to the Universal Operations in accordance with Terrestrial Views, the States of Sleep 
will become ineffective and thus, Conscious Reflections will be taken into effect. It is 
presented for Your Information. 



REALITY 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



4 

3 
5 

¥ 



< 



Our Friends, 

The Individuals who serve in the operations of the Totality of 1 8, on the path of 
the Reality Totality, as a result of the disbanding of the Nucleic Staff, with Friends who 
have opened their 6 Private Flowers, a Second Program is rendered effective. 

In place of an Individual who has left for various reasons an 18 Aura Staff which 
has received signature, The System completes the Staff of that Totality by making the 
Aura Reflection. 

However, an Individual who has bloomed his/her 6 Private Flowers from outside, 
can enter and fill in the vacancy in the Staff. 

In such a case, the Date on which that Totality received the Signature is cancelled 
and by the Entrance Date of the Friend who completes the Staff, a period of one Year 
is rendered effective and the Group's Sealing Signature is considered valid after that 
Date. 

An Individual who enters the vacated place in an 18 Aura Staff, benefits for one 
Year from the close plan Aura Reflection of the Totality he/she has entered neutrally, 
and thus becomes Integrated with the Totality in One Year, and Deserves the Right to 
receive a Signature. 

However, this Program is valid after a Triple Nucleic Staff disbands. It is Presented 
for Your information. 

SYSTEM 



1077 



1 - 11 - 1993 



GENERAL MESSAGE 



Our Friends, 

In the Universal Procedures of this Final Age, a Program in which everything is 
connected to the SINGLE is in effect. This Program is the Program of the Morrows. 

However, by the Universal services made and will be made in accordance with 
the Suggestions given to You at this Dimension of Transition, the foundations of the 
Morrows are being laid. 

In these Operational Ordinances, Individualism is out of question. The Just World 
State of the Morrows will be laid by the Evolution, Reverent Personality and 
Consciousness of the Human Being of today. 

For this reason to the Missionaries of the Morrows who will lay this Beautiful 
Foundation, extremely great Missions are incumbent at this Transition Dimension of 
this Final Age. Every Individual connected to the Dimension of Reality is directly in the 
Service of the SINGLE. 

The Operational Ordinances of 18 which are one of the applied branches of the 18 
System Laws, is the application by Conscious People of directly the Godly Doctrines. Friends 
who work in this Totality are Brothers/ Sisters - Loving - Tolerant - Forgiving. 

Each Individual serving in the Operational Programs of 18 is obliged to serve 
his/her ALLAH and the HUMAN BEINGS of the Dimension he/she lives in all through 
Life, not only on the work days. Because, every Work is a Worship. 

ALLAH does not need Your service. However, You have reached Your present 
perfection by walking on the Luminous Path, ALLAH You have Known - Recognized - 
Worshipped until today has offered You. 

For this reason now, it is imperative that the Missions should be rendered effective 
Consciously by acting in accordance with the Suggestions of the Reality, in order to 
undertake the honorable Missions also in the Fourth Order He has established. 

The Operational Programs of 18 are the First Conscious Application the Humans of 
the World offer Society. Since the Services which will be performed by Friends who work 
in this Medium have been prepared parallel to the Universal Procedures, completely in 
accordance with the given Suggestions, they are Equivalent to a Decree of Constitution. 

Those who enter the operational Ordinances of 18 have very Special places in 
the Universal Totality. For this reason the Reality Totality has taken into its Legal Article, 
in accordance with the Suggestions of the Divine Plan, to carry on its Establishment 
Services together with only those who render effective their services Consciously in 
this Program. 



1078 






The Operational Groups of 18 are each a Cosmic Focal Point Projecting the 
Universal operations exactly as they are on Your Planet. For this reason Friends who 
have taken their places in the Staffs of the Totalities of 1 8 are obliged to act exactly in 
accordance with the given Suggestions. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



1 -11 
IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 



1993 



Our Friends, 

The Difficult Conditions of Your Planet which is at the threshold of a Program 
foreseen by the System, influence all the Consciousnesses. For this reason the 
Restlessnesses of You who receive all the Awareness reactions of Humanity which goes 
through extra-ordinary Incidents, is not a Phenomenon originating from You. 

During the present days in which a Program concerning the Exaltation of the 
Human Being is taken into effect, the Negativities observed in People who have not 
attained a certain level of Consciousness influence the Positive Consciousnesses, too, 
due to the Program of Reflection from Person to Person. 

Your Medium is a Medium of Selection. For this reason there will always be those 
who will come and go to the operational Mediums performed by the Staff of the World 
Brotherhood Union which is directly connected to the Reality Totality. Those who will 
give service in accordance with the Reality will be card-indexed to the Group. 

By this means, Your Potential will expand day by day. In Your Planet where 
Powers not yet Realizing the Truth go around, „ Programs of Selection are in effect in 
the Channels not yet connected to the System. 

By these Selection Programs rendered effective so that the Human 
Consciousnesses can reach a certain level of Discernment, one proceeds to more 
Perfections. We supervise the Difficult Days Your Planet will go through during the 
Morrows, only by these means. 

Staffs serving the Totality are Our Staff. We collect, one by one, the 
Consciousnesses who are Worthy of these Staffs from every section. The You of today 
are the You of the Morrows, not of Yesterday. We are always with You and at Your 
help. Our Love is for You. 

REALITY UNION 



3-11 - 1993 



IT IS NOTICE FROM THE SUPREME MECHANISM 



Our Friends, 

Your Planet is going through a Period in which the Supervisions of the Totalistic 
Awarenesses will be taken into effect. For this reason the intense Pressures of the 
Currents given by the Mechanism of Influences tire You a little. 

However, in this Selection Program concerning the selections of Secured Persons 
from the entire System, You are always under great Protection and Supervision. 

1079 



In these operational Programs belonging to the Connection of the SINGLE 
Channel, Our Special Friends who give service on the path of the Knowledge Book 
perceive these Currents in a more intense way, since they, too, are within the Totality. 

However, since these Currents are given in certain Periods, the Pressures are 
perceived from time to time. Everything is made in accordance with the Suggestions 
of the Totalistic Totality. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



2-11 -1993 



IT IS DIRECT MESSAGE 
(It is Answer to the chains of Thought) 



Our Friends, 

The Universal Programs applied on the Planet Earth as a result of all these efforts 
made for Humanity to reach the Power of the Reality, are directly Operational 
Ordinances concerning the Fourth Order of the LORD. 

The Obligations of all the Universal Consciousnesses who work and will work at 
the establishment foundation of this Totality are extremely heavy. That which is 
expected first of all from the Individuals who work in these Basic and Mission Staffs is 
their opening their Brotherly/ Sisterly embraces to each other. 

In this Supreme Program rendered effective as the Basic Mission Staffs of 1 8, since 
the responsibilities incumbent on the Nucleic Staffs of that Totality are card-indexed into 
the Program of Reflection of One to a 10 Thousand, they are also responsible for the 
Perfection or the Negativities of the Totality within the Auras to which they are connected. 

In case Individuals present within the Totality of 18 wish to establish a Perfect 
Totality of 1 8, they are obliged to confirm completely to All the Suggestions given in 
accordance with the operational Ordinances of 18 until today. Otherwise, that Totality 
always fluctuates and ultimately disbands. 

For this reason it is expected of Friends who have attained the honor of being 
within the Totality of 18, to exhibit an honorable Personality. Otherwise, they dissociate 
Themselves from that Group in connection with the Automatism Program. 

Provided that the Triple Nucleic Staffs of the Totality of 1 8 constitute a Positive 
Totality among themselves, they can neutralize by the Reflection of One to 1 Thousand 
the Negativities present in the Reflection Programs of One to a Thousand which is in 
effect in their Totalities. And the healthy Operational Ordinance may come into effect 
in that Totality during the processes of time. 

As a result of the Negativities occurring within the Triple Nucleic Staffs, that 
Totality in question is disbanded immediately. For this reason the Missions and 
Responsibilities of Friends who will constitute the Triple Unification are very important. 
Because, they are Direct Reflection Centers, Positive or Negative. 






Cons< 
Totalii 
strifes 



not di 
reasoi 

who i 



that f 
Positr 



place 



own I 
from' 
withir 



due t 
one r 

eithei 



effect 
again 
are Xi 



Reali 
Light 
LOR[ 



have 
of th 
thee 



1080 



It is imperative for these Friends to solve their Personality problems first. A 
Consciousness who is in Peace within himself/herself, may also be in Peace with Human 
Totalities. The Base has already cracked in the Nucleic Staffs in which Personality 
strifes are in effect in a Totality of 18. 

In case there is the slightest leakage in that Totality, even if that Nucleus does 
not disband that Totality of 1 8 can never enter a healthy Projection Medium. For this 
reason it is recommended that the Nucleic Staffs should be constituted by Persons 
who are very Positive, Conscious and Responsible. 

In case Negativities come to effect in the Nucleic Staffs within the Totality of 18, 
that Nucleus is disbanded immediately. And Stronger Foundations are laid by more 
Positive Individuals. 

However, to the Individuals present within these disbanded Nucleic Staffs, no 
place can ever be given again within the Triple Nucleic Staffs, 

In these Triple Nucleic Staffs, if the Individual who leaves the Nucleus due to his/her 
own Negativity, has no Problem with the other two Nuclei, a Shift is made to the Nucleus 
from the staff of Six and thus, the Nucleus is not Damaged. However, if the two Individuals 
within the Nucleus are in strife, that Nucleus is definitely disbanded. 

The Two Individuals who cause the Nucleic Staff of the Totality of 1 8 disband 
due to their Negativities, may never be placed in the Staff of Six ever again (The Third 
one may enter the Staff of Six). However, they can be placed in the Staffs from 7 to 1 8, 
either in their own Totality of 1 8 or in other Totalities of 1 8. 

Apart from these Three Rights recognized to Individuals who have not taken into 
effect seriously the operations of the Totality of 1 8 until today, no Right is recognized ever 
again. And the Totalities of 1 8 acting in accordance with their Personal Consciousnesses 
are taken Directly outside the System. It is presented for Your Information. 

REALITY 



3-11 - 1993 



CLEAR MESSAGE 



Our Friends, 

The Staffs of the Totality of 1 8 are the Basic Staffs constituting the Mission of the 
Reality. And those who will enter this Totality by the Command of the Heart are the 
Light-Friends who had undertaken Mission as Missionaries directly in the Staff of the 
LORD during their former Lives. 

Individuals who cause Negativities within the Totalities of 18 are those who 
have not yet grasped completely the Consciousness of the Reality. The entire Frequency 
of the Knowledge Book is loaded on the Fascicule always read in the Group during 
the operations of the Staffs of 18. 



1081 



-*J 



By this means, Effort is made for everyone to settle on the Consciousness of the 
Truth and for the formation of the Aura of the Knowledge Book. Our Light-Friends 
giving service in the Staffs of 18 at the Universal Totality are the Supreme Ones Who 
have Transcended all the Evolutions and Who illuminate You on this path. 

However, that which We expect of the Totalities of 1 8 taken into the operational 
Program in Your Planet at the moment, is their making Effort, too, for reaching the 
Evolutions of those Supreme Consciousnesses. For this reason the Staffs of the Totalities 
of 18 are each a Fraternity of Training. 

A Mature fruit present within each Totality of 1 8 is dependent on a Program 
which will provide, from the close plan, the Maturity of the other Frequencies, too. 
That Individual can not Know this even himself/ herself. 

It is not possible for every Consciousness to get along within the Totality of 18. 
However, in this Final Age Program, the Universal Totality recognizes for each Individual 
the Chance of Entering into these Totalities. In this Operational Ordinance which 
renders effective a Program connected to the Program of Automatism, each Individual 
is dependent on the Program of Multiplying One to a Thousand in accordance with 
his/her (Positive or Negative) Thoughts. 

Raflection in the Totality of 1 8 are always from Yourself to Yourself. The Negative 
"Thoughts You produce within the Operational Medium cause You to leave that Medium 
one day by suffocating You. The very Program of Automatism is this. 

1 - The First Evolutionary Criterion within the Totality of 18 is the Love and Respect 
fostered for the Human Being, without making any Discrimination between 
People The Totality of 1 8 becomes Hell for those who lack these Attributes. 

2- The Second Evolutionary Criterion within the Totality of 1 8 is Responsibility and 
Mission Consciousness. 

3- And the Third Evolutionary Criterion within the Totality of 18 is Allegiance. In 
Allegiance the ESSENCE and the CONSCIOUSNESS Unify. However, in the other 
two, Evolution is relevant. 

For this reas'on no one who has not received the Command of the Essence can 
ever apply for the Totality of 1 8. This is a matter of Evolution. However, as We always 
say, due to the Special position of this Final Age, the chance of entering this Totality 
has been recognized for the entire Humanity. An Individual who misses this Right of 
his/ hers 3 times, can never again take place in this Supreme Program. It is presented 
for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



1082 



4-11-1993 
IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 

Our Friends, 

All the Programs applied by the System at the Universal Totality are the Package 
of Suggestions taken into effect for the training of the Friends who will receive Light 
on the Path of ALLAH, in connection with the Reality Totality. 

In these Package Programs opened parallel to the Levels of Consciousness, first it 
is always started with the most perfect Suggestions due to the Respect for the Human 
Being. 

However, if no result can be received from the applied Programs, they are cancelled 
and quite different and intense Programs are rendered effective. This is a Universal 
Constitution. 

In the Phases, Humanity has gone through since its initial Existence. in order to 
reach the Totalistic Consciousness of today there has been 7 Application fields of each 
Program rendered effective. 

Friends who will reach the Universal Totality and who will undertake Missions at 
those Dimensions by the application of more detailed Programs of the same Program, 
are selected one by one. 

Your Planet is a Dimension of Exams. The initial Exam the Human Being will go 
through is first: 

1- 

2- 

1- 

4- 

5- 



6- 



Plan. 



To be in Peace within himself/herself (Social Solidarity) 

To become Integrated with himself/herself (Dimension of Art, Creativity) 

To Transcend himself/ herself (Application of the Religious Doctrines) 

To embrace the Universes (To hear the Sound of the Skies) 

To know what one did not know (To receive the Permission to be Trained from 
the Plan of the Supreme Ones) 

To transmit what one Knows to those who do not Know (To take over the 
Universal Programs, personally) 

Those who Transcend these 6 Steps are not any more the Humans of the World 



This is the very reason why We call Our Friends who have embraced the Unknowns 
on the path of the Knowledge Book, Solar Teachers. The Solar Teachers are the TINDER 
who kindles the Consciousness Lights of the Human Beings of the World. The Human 
Being who kindles his/her Fire is in need of more Knowledge. 

Because, Knowledge is the Fan of the Consciousness Light. The Light which is 
fanned, embraces the Unknowns even more as it shines. It is very easy to reach these 
Unknowns by Thought. 

1083 



However, if You wish to attain the Right to Live and to maintain Your Life Programs 
there, then You are obliged to conform completely to the Constitutional Programs of 
the Universal Doctrines. 

The First Application of them are the Religious Suggestions Package applied on 
Your Planet. To Our Friends who have Consciously rendered effective the application 
of (7) phases of this Package Program in their former lives, the Operational Ordinances 
of 18, which is the Second Program, is introduced. 

First of all, everyone acts in accordance with his/her Level of Consciousness in 
these Programs in which there are (7) application fields to each Program. The initial 
selections start like this. Afterwards, Programs are opened in sequence and are taken 
into effect 



Friends who take each Program into effect Consciously, may easily settle 
themselves down into a Scale under the Light of the Information given in the Knowledge 
Book. 

However, the Characteristic of this Final Age is the application of the given 
Suggestions exactly as they are in a Conscious way. For this reason Your Planet is 
subject to the Positive or Negative application of numerous Consciousnesses Evolved 
or Unevolved and thus, goes through its LAST JUDGMENT. 

i 

The Mission of the Reality during this Period is to assemble, by the Command of 
ALLAH, the Human Beings of the World who have reached a certain level of 
Consciousness under a Protective Roof and to protect them from Negative Events. 

The Knowledge Book has been bestowed on Humanity for this reason and 
everyone has been connected to the Single Channel for this very reason. The Protective 
Umbrella of Your Planet for 3 Cosmic Ages is the KNOWLEDGE BOOK. 

And Humanity taken under this Umbrella will be Trained, as a Staff which will 
Take Over the Fourth Order of ALLAH, will attain the Right for the Morrows. 

There are 33 Package Programs to be opened to Your Planet through Two Cosmic 
Ages. The LALE Program opened after the Operational Programs of 18 is the First of 
these Packages. 

In the Programs of the operations of 1 8 and the LALE, no Information except for 
the Suggestions given from the Single Channel is considered valid by the System. 
Channel Information are Doctrines Training the Individual. 

And in case the trained Individual does not undertake the Service Mission of his/ 
hers towards Humanity completely in accordance with the suggestions of the System, 
without rendering effective his/her Consciousness, his/her Channel is kept outside 
the Protective Dimension. It is presented for Your Information. 



COSMOS FEDERAL TOTALITY 



1084 



4-11 -1993 



IT IS NOTICE FROM THE CENTRAL SYSTEM 



Our Friends, 

The KNOWLEDGE BOOK which is the Common Book of the Reality Totality had 
been bestowed on Your Planet as a Constitution of the Ordinance of Universes on 
1-11-1981 World Year. 

However, this Universal Book which will be locked up by the World Date 
6-11-1993, will be card-indexed into the Universal Totality on the above mentioned 
Date by a Special Committee of the Legislation of the Universes. 

The Collective Code-Cipher in the Totalistic Ordinance of this Committee 
constituted by a representative each from the Reality, Union of the Legislation of 
Universes and from all the Mission branches, is A5HOT, 

This Cipher has been Projected on Your Planet by the name SULH as the Ordinance 
of Unification. 

All the Celestial Books revealed to the World Plan until today have been card- 
indexed by this Committee into the Ordinance of Universes and thus, have officially 
come into validity. 

In order for the Knowledge Book to be able to become valid officially as a Legal 
Law, the Decision of this Committee has to be card-indexed- into the Book. 

The World Date 6-1 1 -1 993 is a Decision date taken by the Legislation of Universes 
at the Official Procedure. And after the date of Locking Up of the Book by this Decision, 
all the Suggestions to be given to Your Planet through the Single Channel will officially 
come into force and will be directly taken into application. 

All the Suggestions taken into application are taken into effect in accordance 
with the Consciousness the Humane Consciousnesses exhibit. The entire Universal 
Ordinance have rendered effective the Unification Programs in accordance with the 
Suggestions of the System and has taken them into the application field. 

The Publication Date of the KNOWLEDGE BOOK which carries the characteristic 
of a Constitution in the Legislation of Universes, will be made Official on 6-11-1993 
World Year. 

The section of the translation of the Book; too, will become valid on the same 
date and the Permission to Translate it into other Languages, too, will Officially be 
given. For this reason in the former Messages; it has been said that the Publication 
Command of Both of the Books will be given at the same instant. 

The Decision of the Committee will be Officially Declared to You. And this 
Decision will be card-indexed into the Book and thus, the Book will be Locked-Up by 
the Official Seal and the Freguency of the Universal Totality. 



1085 



The Official acceptance of the Book on the World Plan will come into effect in 
accordance with the Level of comprehension of the Awareness of the Ordinance by 
the Humane Consciousnesses. 

And in Future Years, the KNOWLEDGE BOOK will be Declared to the Humane 
Consciousnesses as the SINGLE BOOK of Your Planet and will attain an Official status 
by a Joint Decision which will be taken by an Intercontinental Collective Committee. 
It is presented for Your Information. 

REALITY TOTALITY 



5-11 - 1993 



IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION 



Our Friends, 

Answers given in accordance with the Thoughts of the Integrated 
Consciousnesses are given directly in connection with the Reality Totality. But the 
answers received by asking questions are taken into effect by the Supreme Mechanism. 
This is a Universal Procedure. 

The Supreme Mechanism connected to the Private Channel of Dear Mevlana at 
the moment, gives the Messages it gives, parallel to the Social Consciousnesses. But 
the Reality is obliged to disclose the answers parallel to the Thoughts of the Evolutionary 
Consciousnesses. 

The Contradictions in the Knowledge Book taken into effect parallel to the 
Operational Ordinance of the Reality Totality, have been rendered effective both for 
assessing the Consciousness Capacities of the Consciousness Codes and as a Proof for 
Dear Mevlana's not receiving the Messages in accordance with her own Thoughts. 

Dear Mevlana Directly uses the Cosmo Consciousness. In the Cosmo 
Consciousness, the World Consciousness is not in effect. The Essence Consciousness 
is in effect. For this reason while the Messages are given, the wish to write them 
exactly in the Book, originates from this View. 

However, Dear Mevlana possesses the Authority to rectify the stumblings in the 
operations she observes from close plan. For this reason 30% Initiative Authority has 
been given to her. But never to change, in accordance with her understanding, certain 
Special Contradictions she observes in the Book has been required of her, as a Universal 
Covenant. 

Dear Mevlana is obliged to share the same Consciousness within the Human 
Totality so that she will not form a Taboo at the World Plan in which she lives. 

The Positive actions Dear Mevlana renders effective are always approved by the 
Reality Totality in order for the stumblings observed in the operations made in this 
Operational Ordinance in which the Awareness of the Entire Ordinance is in effect, to 
be able to come into effect in a healthy way. It is presented for Your Information. 



REALITY 



1086 



5- 11 - 1993 



EXPLANATION 



Our Friends, 

The Aura Totalities of 18 are a Second Operational Ordinance taken into effect due 
to the Failure of the Nucleus Staffs of 1 8. Provided the Nucleus Staffs of 1 8 take into effect 
a Conscious Operational Ordinance in accordance with the given Suggestions, they 
Deserve to receive Signature within the Time Segment allotted to them. 

Otherwise, the Responsible People within the disbanded Group are obliged to 
render effective the Aura Programs of 18. In case the Aura Staffs of 18 carry on their 
Totalities constituting of 1 8 people for One World Year without being disbanded, they 
Deserve to receive Signature. Both of the Signatures are Equivalent. 

Since for Us the Aura Totalities of 1 8 are a Totality taken into effect by Consciousnesses 
who have completely grasped the Universal Procedure, the direct acceptance into these 
Totalities of Friends who have bloomed their Private Flowers of 6 outside the Group, have 
been Decided in accordance with the Special Suggestions of the Reality. 

Since Individualism is out of question within this Totality, the sanctions have been 
abolished. Everyone within this Totality is responsible for his/her own Evolution, for his/ 
her own Consciousness. The Universal Council considers these Totalities as a Single 
Consciousness. 

It is believed that the Individuals who have attained the honor to be able to 
enter this Totalistic Group have now attained the Power to be able to Discipline their 
Consciousness and Heart Coordinates. For this reason the Mechanism of Forgiveness 
is abolished and errors made are instantly indemnified. The Human Being of this 
Totality has Mission Consciousness, Time Consciousness, Respect Consciousness, 
Discipline Consciousness. 

However, due to the Scarcity of Time, the Supreme Mechanism has taken the 
Decision, in accordance with the Suggestions of the Divine Plan, to connect directly 
to Incarnation the Friends it considers as lacking these Qualities. It is presented for 
Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



5-11 -1993 



ANNOUNCEMENT 



Our Friends, 

After the 1994 World Year, Knowledge Book Reflection Colonies connected to 
the Totality of the World Brotherhood Union will be established in every city. 

And provided that each City establishes Three Basic Totalities of 1 8 constituted 
by 3 Nuclei and establishes the Staff of 1 8 in a World Year and carries its Totality on for 
One World Year without disbanding, then the Permission to open a Branch in that 
City will be given to the Totality of 54 Friends. 

108? 



The Branches to be established will be established parallel to the Terrestrial 
Procedures. However, the Missions to be performed are Common. The Branches to be 
opened will take into effect the Operational Branches which the Istanbul Central Totality 
will Suggest. 

The Permission to open Branches for the Totalities of Ankara and Izmir which 
have been connected to the same Coordinate and Reflection Aura of the Istanbul 
Central Totality, will be taken into effect by Friends who give service in accordance 
with the Suggestions of the Reality in the Operational Ordinance of 18. 

Those who do not give Service on this path will not be able to give Service at the 
Establishments of the Reality. 

Friends who become Members of the Istanbul Central Totality or of the Branches, 
do not have the obligation to enter the Operations of the Totalities of 1 8. To enter 
this Totality is a Matter of Heart. 

However, 3 Rights by various alternatives are recognized for Friends who enter a 
Totality of 1 8 but do not carry on their Missions. Those who are unable to use these 
Rights of theirs, will directly be kept outside the System. 

From then on, they will be obliged to perform only their Mission Duties which is 
their Humane Obligation at this Dimension of Salvation. Those who do not perform even 
this Mission of theirs will be transferred directly to the Dimension from which they had 
come. The Founder Staffs of the Reality Totality are obliged to render effective, without 
any omission, all the Suggestions and Programs concerning the Totalities of 18, 

ff Friends who leave their Totalities either due to Negativity or due to Missions 
performed Unconsciously within the Totality of 1 8, wish to perform Mission within the 
Founder Branches of the Reality, they are obliged to take their places in a Triple Nucleus 
Croup minimum in 3 Months, maximum in 6 Months and to bloom their Private Flowers 
within a World Year. 

An Individual who leaves the Totality of 18, 3 times due to Negativity is taken 
directly outside the System. An Individual who is presently within the Founder Staff 
but does not undertake the Mission within the Operational Staff of the Totality of 1 8, 
is obliged to leave this Founder Staff. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 

9-11 - 1993 
IT IS DIRECT NOTICE FROM THE UNIVERSAL TOTALITY CORTEGE 

We, Who speak on behalf of all the Realms, are in effect as the Group Spokespeople 
of the Universal Federation to bring to the Presence, Our Infinite Love to You, Dear Mevlana. 

Our Friend, as a necessity of the Universal Agreements the Galaxy Totalities have 
made with the Friends of the Divine Plan, all the Provocations made on the path of the 
Knowledge Book are each a material used for the selection of Humanity which will 
enter Conscious service on this path. 

1 088 



The KNOWLEDGE BOOK which has been prepared under the Light of the collective 
Consciousnesses of the Collective Staffs of the entire Ordinance of the Universes, have 
been Officially card-indexed into the Ordinance of the Cosmoses on 6-1 1 -1 993 World 
Year. 

We are grateful, on behalf of the Ordinance of the Universes, to You, Our Beloved 
Friend Mevlana who sheds Light on the World Plan from Dimensions no one knows. 
The System is always in effect in all the operations rendered effective in accordance 
with the Universal CONSTITUTION. 

Our Friend, for this reason the Knowledge Book have been directly dictated to 
You since You, too, are a Projecting and Founder Object of this Totality in Your Planet. 

As a result of the Mutual Agreements made by a Collective Committee, which 
had made the immutable Constitutions of the Laws of the Universes, together with 
the Representatives of the other Missionaries, the Decision has been taken to Officially 
Declare the Knowledge Book as the SINGLE Book of the Reality to the World Plan. 

These Divine Doctrines which will Protect the World People of the Morrows from 
the Negative Reflections of the Negative Dimensions are the Friend of Friends who 
carry Humane Consciousnesses and are not the Friend of those who do not carry. 

To Your Planet, which is at the Transition Dimension of the Universal Totality at 
the moment, always and in every Period Celestial Help has been made. However, 
during this Final Age, these Aids will be made only to those who Deserve Help. 

We are obliged to convey to You the articles of the Decisions taken by the joint 
Commission of the Mechanism of Justice which had assembled Officially on 6-11-1993 
World Date. We ask You to write, please, Dear Mevlana. 

1 - The External Forms present at the Dimension of Crude Matter are Physical Bodies 
prepared for the Evolution of Humanity. 

2- The Triumphs of the Morrows are to convey these Crude Matter Forms to 
Unknown Dimensions without being detrimental to their Atomic Tissues. 

3- Friends who carry a Consciousness Respecting the Special Suggestions of the 
System, will always carry on their Lives with Serenity within the Aura of the 
Universal Program. 

4- The Publication Command of the Knowledge Book has come into Force Officially 
on the World Date 6-11-1993. It is imperative that the operations concerning 
Publication should be taken into effect speedily. 

5- The Suggestions which will be given after the Publication Command of the Book 
are directly in Application. They will be sent to the Authorities to which they are 
desired to be given. This is a Law. 

6- The Book is obliged to be presented to Society minimum in 6 World Months, the 
latest in One World Year from the Given Date. 



1089 



7- The First Foreign Publication of the Knowledge Book will be taken into effect at 
the same time, with the same speed. 

8- The translation of the Book onto the other Languages, too, has been Officially decided. 

9- In accordance with the Humane Consciousnesses' Levels of comprehension of 
the Book, certain Special Friends will be sent to them. 

1 0- The Knowledge Book which carries the Seal of the 1 1 5-685 Law of the Legislation 
of Universes is the Single Universal Book of Your Planet. 

1 1- The Collective Operational Ordinance of the Totality of System - Ordinance - 
Order is, at the moment, Directly on the Application field. 

12- In the Missions to be performed, Directly the Universal Consciousness of the 
Knowledge Book will be relevant from now on. 

1 3- From the Negative Events which will be experienced, the Aura of the Book has 
been taken into the Program of Protection always on behalf of the Universal Totality. 

14- The selections of Humane Consciousnesses will be completely made until the 
end of 1 994 World Year 

1 5- There will be Special Staffs which will be taken into the Plan of 1 995. They will 
be constituted (will be formed) beginning from now. 

1 6- The Permission to Enter the Dimension of BETA NOVA will be given to the 
Universal Staff Totalities Dear Mevlana has established on the World Plan in 
accordance with the given Suggestions. 

1 7- Due to the faiterings observed in the Operational Staffs of 1 8, the Universal 
Selections of 18 Totalities of 18 have been postponed until the 18 February 
1 998 World Year in accordance with the Special Desire of Dear Mevlana. 

1 8- The Staffs of the Totalities of System - Ordinance - Order will work Collectively for 
two Cosmic Ages as they do today. 

19- By taking into effect the more Advanced Staffs together with the Galaxy Totalities 
which have Signed the Universal Constitution, the Propagation field of the Book 
will be expanded. 

20- A Commission which has received the Permission to make translations into the 
other Languages will allot Missions to Friends who will make these translations 
after the Publication of the Book. Those who can not perform their Missions will 
be taken under Special Supervision. 

21- Due to the Scarcity of Time, the Missions to be performed will be accelerated. 

22- Individuals who take into effect their Individual Suggestions outside the Suggestions 
of the System will directly be connected to the Dimension of Incarnation. 

23- According to the Decision taken in accordance with the Universal Constitution, 
World Friends who do not give service on the path of the Knowledge Book for 
Three Cosmic Ages will be sent to a separate Colony and their Genes will be frozen. 



1090 



24- Universal Colonies will be separated, Croup by Group, in accordance with their 
Levels of Consciousness and direct Constitutions will be taken into the application 
field in these Croups. 

25- It is for the benefit of themselves to read the Knowledge Book and thus, to 
comprehend the Truth, of the entire Humanity which has given Service on the 
Path of ALLAH until today. 

26- The KNOWLEDGE BOOK is the SINGLE Book of the Fourth Order of ALLAH. 
However, Individuals who still try to make Impositions according to the View of 
the old Information will be connected immediately to the Dimension of 
Incarnation according to the fact that the Universal Unification is postponed. 

27- Individuals who have been connected to ALLAH through form until today will 
now enter service on His Path as Conscious Staffs. 

28- Individuals who have not yet rendered this Service effective will immediately be 
Expelled from the Special Staff of the System and will be conveyed to the Life 
Dimension of the World Plan. 

29- The Obligation to Work at the Operational Ordinances of 18 for the Individuals 
who will take their places at the Founding Staffs of the Reality have been taken 
into Effect (For Healthy Morrows). 

30- The Collective Staffs of the System, Ordinance and Order are Directly the 
Missions of the Knowledge Book. In the Provocations induced for selection 
by the Consciousnesses who are not yet ready within these Staffs, those who 
make the Provocations are subject to selection, too (So that they may become 
Conscious). 

31- Individuals who undertake the Mission of Provocation will attain Forgiveness as 
long as they receive Approval from the System. However, in Mediums in which 
their Individual Wills interfere, the direct Dimension of Incarnation will be 
rendered effective. 

32- The System is not Responsible for the Compulsory Measures the Federation 
Totality will take due to the Scarcity of Time, so that the Humane Consciousnesses 
should not fluctuate the Humane Consciousnesses even more. 

33- Time is Scarce, there is Fault. If the Faults originate from Individualism, then 
there are Difficulties to be experienced and more Paths to be Treaded. 

34- Sources of Information are the same, Paths to be Treaded are the same. Unification 
is Imperative. To convey the Light of the Knowledge Book to the entire World 
Plan is an obligation for the Universal Staffs who are the Voyagers of this Path. 

35- Universal Staffs which have shed Light on Humanity on the World Plan until 
today, are obliged to read the Knowledge Book Consciously, beyond evil intention. 

36- All the Totalities connected to the Reality are obliged to Serve on the Path of the 
Knowledge Book. 



109! 



J 



37- The Unification Decisions taken by the Commission will be given as a Final Call 
through the Direct Universal Channel of the Knowledge Book to all the Totalities 
giving Service on this Path and to Society. 

38- In the Universal Calls, there are no Impositions and no Force on the Human 
Consciousnesses. On the Path to be Treaded, everyone will write his/her own 
Firman Himself/Herself by his/her Free Will. 

39- This Commission Decision will Officially be written in the Book on the First Day 
of January 1 994. And after that Date, these Decisions will be considered Directly 
to have become valid in the World Plan. 

40- The Universal Protective Aura of the Knowledge Book will Specially be Loaded 
on the Book after that Date and the Book will be handed over to the World Plan 
as the Property of the Totality. 

41- These given Suggestions have been worked on behalf of the Cosmic Totality 
into the Constitution as the Law of Universe. And these Articles Registered 
by the Decision of the Committee are in effect as a Command of the Divine. 

42- Friends who will attain the Awareness of the entire Ordinance in accordance 
with the Knowledge Book, are directly under the Protection of ALLAH. 

43- The System will card-index into the Constitution of the Legislation of the Universes, 
the Friends who will tread this Path and Humanity which will come into effect 
on this Path directly as the Mission of the Knowledge Book, beginning with 
January 1, 1994 World Date. 

44- The Consultation Board has assembled together with the Responsible Ones 

of the Universal Law of alt the Mission branches, the Decisions taken have been 
handed over to the Consultation Commission of the Legislation of Universes on 
6-1 1 -1 993 World Date and has been bound to a SINGLE Signature by the 
Collective Approval of 6 Million 765 Members. 

AS HOT 
ON BEHALF OF THE RESPONSIBLE ONES 
OF THE UNIVERSAL TOTALITY 

Dear Mevlana, 

Your writing in the Book as an Information about Our Message We had given to 
