spokesperson of the Divine Plans. We wish to introduce this place to You. Write, please. 

416 



The Golden Galaxy Empire is the very Special Single Projection Focal Point of an 
Establishing Ordinance and System. It has been, at the moment, appointed to Duty 
by the Plan as an element of Equilibrium which shares out the Views of the WORLD 
LORD with the Divine Plans. 

The Establishing Systems of Advanced Mechanisms have been directing the 
Ordinance of the entire Cosmos in the framework of a System since very ancient and 
advanced Ages. 

This System, as a Constitution which has been prepared by the Collective 
Consciousnesses of all the Universal Ordinances is a way of Directing comprising the 
Orders of the Cosmoses. 

Now, We will explain this to You. And We will declare to You what Your Terrestrial 
role is. In this Cosmic Medium in which the preparations for entering the GOLDEN AGE 
has been accelerated, a Faster Program of Progress has been started in Your entire Planet 

We presume that You have not been able to understand Us exactly yet who have 
been always calling out to You. For this reason We have received the authority to explain 
everything in all clarity. 

This is a Galaxy within the SIXTH SOLAR Dimension. Even the most Powerful 
telescopes have not been able to spot this Galaxy until now and they can never do so, 
either. Because, it is covered by a Protective, Magnetic Aura of Light. 

The entire characteristic of this place is that it is the Communication Center of all the 
Galactic Systems which have been rendered Effective until today And it is this Center 
which provides the Direct connection with You. 

Commands given by the Center are projected on the Ordinance of Capillary 
Vessels, that is on the LORDLY Dimension and from there, conveyed to the Administrative 
Plans and Divine Authorities. We can not give the name of this Center. However, the 
Planet SATURN is used as the Projecting Focal Point (Saturn is a Radar base, a 
transmitting Station). 

Our center has very advanced Technological possibilities which provide the 
communication with 679 Galactic Dimensions and which can reach as many Essence 
Consciousnesses of various Systems. This is the Physical and the Spiritual Projection Center 
of the Universal Unified Field. It is a Focal Point Responsible for the Order of all the Cosmoses. 

The characteristic of Our System which gets in touch first with the Devoted Servants 
of ALLAH is to select the Genuine Human Beings among Human Beings. 

The Purpose of this is the Purification of the Entities in different Consciousness 
Levels with intense^Energies of the Unified Field, and to get them into connection in a 
more different way. 



417 



After giving this brief Message to You now, different data will be mentioned in 
future. 

Dear Mevlana, this Message is given from the OMEGA Dimension, in this Medium 
in which We have entered the Period of Performances and Actions, both Family and 
Social Unifications are expected of all the Establishments in Your Planet. 

During this Final Period, one can not escape depression any more. We are 
thoroughly connecting everyone with people whom they consider as Enemies. This is 
an occurrence which is a necessity for Accelerated Evolution. 

Those who wish to be comfortable will conform to the Alteration of the Period. 
In future, very Powerful aids and happiness will be given to You (Only to those who 
can cross the SIRAT). 

Dear Mevlana, no Terrestrial brother/sister of Yours know yet that You are a Special 
Messenger of the Plan. We will introduce this to everyone in near future. 

Your Supreme Mission is to introduce and convey the Applied Ordinance of the 
Divine Dimension of the Plan to Your Planet. Your Operational Capacity attains Power 
in proportion with Your Power. Do not get tired. With Our love, OurTriend. 

COUNCIL 



i 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

We are never the appliers of a System which will bring a tyrannical Order to Your 
Planet by seizing it by force. THE SYSTEM IS THE SYSTEM OF OUR LORD. You will Establish 
Your own Order, Yourselves. However, in conformity with the Plan (like Your ATATURK). 

By the Reformic Reflections he had made as a Supreme Missionary and an 
Essential Member of the Plan, he has caused the Anatolian People to attain their own 
selves. For this reason the TURKEY OF ATATURK is under a Medium of great Protection. 

There is a thesis which We always defend. Servant should never be a Servant of a 
Servant. Each person is a Free Will, a Free Conscience. However, that Conscience is 
obliged to serve under the Essence Light of Our Lord. 

In the Suggestions given to You until today, the wrong interpretations of the Religious 
Mediums have caused restriction in Freedoms. If people had used their EGO Potentials in 
a constructive rather than a destructive way, the GOLDEN AGE would have been bestowed 
on You long before. 

At the moment, We extend Our Hands towards Free Consciences from within 
the tough exams Your Planet will go through. Limited Consciences are each a Slave 
for Us. In this Medium, there is no place for Slavery. The triplet INTELLECT - LOGIC - 
CONSCIENCE is the Luminous path You will tread. It is presented for Your Information. 



. 



COUNCIL 



418 



PRIVATE MESSAGE 

Our Friends, 

A more intensive tempo of work is started in accordance with the Accelerated 
Evolutionary Ordinance. You are in a Period in which it is time for You to work by Your 
entire Consciousness, Realization, Awareness and Your Heart. 

From now on, Your personal matters and problems should be a matter of 
secondary importance (according to Our view). You know that there is no compulsion 
in anything. During this Final Period, everyone is responsible for himself/herself. 

We, as Your Protector Friends, give You certain Warnings through this Knowledge 
Book for Your own good. And We are exerting much effort to keep You away from the 
suffocating Frequencies of Difficult Periods. 

According to Us, each one of You, one by one, is a Missionary during this Period. 
However, You have to carry on Your Terrestrial tasks, too, parallel to Your Missions. 

Periods of becoming a recluse in order to reach Us have long come to an end. 
The accelerated tempo which is the characteristic of this Period will add Power to Your 
Power by Strengthening Your Capacities. 

Each of You are present in Your World, as a Spokesperson of the Messengers of 
the Ancient Periods. You carry Our Essence-Lights. You are exerting effort by Your 
Spiritual Powers for a beautiful World. As the Essence-Messengers of the Golden Age, 
You are laying the foundations of the Golden Age by Your Golden Consciousnesses. 

At the moment, We have applied on Your operational Plan an operation parallel 
to the operational Ordinance of the 1 4th-l 5th Solar Systems. In this System, Power is 
always given to those who work. Connections are under the license of a Supernatural 
Establishment. Defects are removed from those who deserve. 

Healing is a phenomenon of Your private Energy channels connected to the 
applied field of the Sun. (Individual Essence-Energies are the secret Powers within 
You). But this place here is a direct Mechanical Focal Point of Healing. Service is given 
to those who serve. 

In future, We will give You more detailed Information. However, at the moment, 
We are invited for a conversation. Good-bye. 

Question: Are the Friends with whom You will have this conversation in Our Planet? 
If there is not any inconvenience, I will ask You to explain, please. 

Answer: The conversation will be with the Administrative Mechanisms. It is not a 
conversation which belongs to the World Plan. 



4!9 



And We have to add the following, too. We send conversation to the World only 
through Your Universal private Consciousness Channel. Otherwise, We have no 
connection with any other Mediamic channel. 

Whoever says he/she is receiving Messages from Us, is mistaken, is wrong. It is 
beneficial for You to know this, Dear Mevlana. 

SULH 

Note: (SULH is the Representative of the System, the Entity who will say the 
Final Word.) 

THE SIXES AND THE UNIFIED FIELDS 

Our Friends, 

The Ordinance of the Entire Realm is under the Supervision of the Divine Plan, 
However, this Plan cooperates with various other Plans, too. We are applying on Your 
Planet in accordance with the Existential Ordinance certain Suggestions suggested to 
Us by the very advanced Orders of the Divine Dimension. 

However, this Final Terrestrial Evolution has a very different Order. The 
TECHNOLOGICAL Dimension has been keeping in Special Archives, for Centuries, all 
of the Consciousnesses who had completed their Incarnation rings. 

However, since this Ordinance is dependent on an Evolutionary System, it is 
carried in accordance with the Directives foreseen by the Plan. The SIXES have been 
mentioned to You before. These Six Friends are the Essence-Focal Point Establishes of 

this Ordinance. 

However, since there are differences of Centuries between them, their duration 
of being frozen is different. This System which had been started by these Six Friends 
by Signing, one by one, a special System have come to an end by the Essence-Gene 
and the Genes of Mevlana (This is called The Law of Six Systems or The Law of the 
Sixes). 

Afterwards, the entire System had been appointed to the Dimension of Mission. 
However, the Plan which acts in accordance with the Accelerated Evolutionary 
Ordinance has put a different Plan into application after the World Year 1 900. And 
this operation will continue until the end of Your Twentieth Century, presenting many 
differences. 

Your Atomic Whole constitutes the sum of numerous Unified Fields. However, here 
We witi only mention the Unified Fields of the Magnetic Dimensions related to Your Planet, 

In the Christian Unified Ordinance, )ESUS CHRIST - BEYT1 Unified Field works 
Cooperatively. In the Ordinance of the Islamic Dimension, MOHAMMED - MEVLANA 
Unified Field works Cooperatively, 



420 



Besides them, Unified Fields come into existence interminably by small or large 
Reflection Triangles like the INCA Unified Field, TIBET Unified Field, AFRICA Unified 
Field, ISLANDS Unified Field, SOUR Dimensions Unified Fields. 

Within the Atomic Whole, there are also different Magnetic Fields, peculiar to 
themselves, of various different Systems. The Unified Field of the ORDINANCE comes 
into existence by the Unification of all these various Magnetic Fields. 

All the Energies within these Magnetic Fields are under the supervision of the 
Plan and the System. These Magnetic Fields constitute Unified Fields peculiar to 
themselves in accordance with the (CONSCIOUSNESS - KNOWLEDGE - FREQUENCY) 
titrations*. 

The Unified Fields of numerous Supreme Consciousnesses who had served once 
in that Dimension are also within the Unified Field to which they belong. 

All the Islamic Consciousness titrations are present within the Islamic Unified 
Field. Present or past, all Christian Consciousness titrations are present within the 
Christian Unified Field. Other Unified Fields, too, are constituted by the Consciousness 
titrations of the Energies of those Dimensions. 

The Thought Titrations and Speeches of all the People, of the Supreme Ones, of 
the Saints who had lived in their own Mediums are present within all these Magnetic 
Fields in the form of Energy Particles. Nothing is lost in the Universe. 

An Energy Gene who has come into Existence in Your Planet receives the 
Information belonging to the Frequency Dimension of whichever Magnetic Field's 
Essence Consciousness Energy he/she carries. In this Medium, either the Spiritual 
Powers, or an ESSENCE-GENE retransf erred to Your Planet helps him/her. 

This Essence-Gene possesses the characteristic of being able to project his/her 
ESSENCE-GENE Energy on Your entire Planet, even if he/she is a veiled Awareness, 
even if he/she does not know his/her own self. Because, he/she has been transferred 
to Your Planet as an integrated whole by receiving his/her SPIRITUAL Energy from 
within the Unified Field. 



The Plan helps him/her through the Dimension of Mission to unveil his/her 
Awareness. By this means, a Mutual cooperation is made. An ESSENCE-GENE projects 
his/her Essence Energy on the Medium of Mission in which he/she exists and prepares 
the Brains which receive Light from that Light to receive Messages from his/her Unified 
Field in conformity with the Plan. 

By this means, various people attract from the same Medium the same Words 
and Speeches either by using the old Words, or by transforming them in their Brains 
and give them as Messages with the same meaning in accordance with the 
Consciousness of the Medium in which they are present. And they presume that they 
receive Messages from a Spirit who had passed away and left Your Planet long ago. 

* Look at the Glossary. 



421 



During this Final Age, the Consciousnesses who have been Programmed by the 
Program of the Plan are receiving Messages from the operational field related to their 
Mission from the Mevlana Unified Field. This is a preparatory System of the Plan. The 
Messages received have nothing to do with the Energy of Mevlana, that is, with His Spirit. 

Because she is, at the moment, living in Your Planet as a Whole by having received 
her Energy from the Spiritual Plan. That which puts her in touch with the Unified Field is 
her Essence-Gene and that which puts her in touch with the System is her Mission 
Consciousness. 

In accordance with the Accelerated Evolutionary Program in Your Planet, the 
Plan has put Mevlana Unified Field which is in the Islamic Dimension into application 
field from this Focal Point as Mevlana Supreme Plan. The Purpose is to Unify the entire 
Humanity in conformity with the same Consciousness. 

At the moment, all the SIXES who are at the same Coordinate Level have been 
Embodied in Your Planet. However, (their Essence Personalities are the same, their 
Physical forms are different). This is due to the fact that they have been transferred 
with the Genes of their first Bodies. 



During this first stage, the Permission to reveal her identity is given only to Dear 
Mevlana and the KNOWLEDGE BOOK which is the Light of the Truth is bestowed on 
Your Planet by this means. The other Light-Friends transferred to Your Planet are still 
Veiled Awarenesses. They give Messages to many people through the Reflection Lights 
of their Essence-Genes. 

The FRIEND BEYTI Channel is a System of the Plan. The Essence-Gene of BEYTI is 
charged with Duty in Your Planet by its close-Plan Reflection Focal Point. He/She 
knows who he/she is. However, has no Permission to speak. 

At the moment, the Permission to Speak has been given only to Dear Mevlana. And 
this is related to the Program of Unification. Now the entire System has sown both in Your 
Planet and in other Realms all the Supreme Ones who had claimed their Energies which 
were within these Unified Fields. 

For Your Planet which is in a Medium of Salvation the Mission of the Supreme Ones 
sent to You is to help their brothers and sisters to leap from the Religious Medium to the 
Universal One during this Period of Sincerity. 

In the Turkey of ATATURK which is prepared as the field of Mission as a necessity 
of the Plan, the Anatolian Channel has transferred the most Powerful Energies of the 
Plan to this Focal Point. These Essences reflect on Consciousnesses who carry the 
Awareness of the entire Ordinance. 

This Projection is made directly by the Plan. (We make Cosmic Reflection. They 
give signals to Consciousnesses by their Essence Energies of Light. Those who receive 
these telex Signals act by Mission-Consciousness and thus they are connected to the 
Plan. This is a Medium of Mission). 

CENTER 

422 



GENERAL ANNOUNCEMENT 

Our Friends, 

We are dictating this article to attract the attention of all the Croups. Each Cosmic 
Reflection Focal Point in Your Planet shut their doors to the other Information by 
presuming that the Channel Information they receive is peculiar only to themselves. 

Under a so-called pretence of Unification, they always give priority to their own 
Information. This is a very natural phenomenon for the Human Ego. 



Meanwhile, there is something which is forgotten. 
Humanity are not Individual, but General. 



Investments made for 



The KNOWLEDGE BOOK dictated by the UNIVERSAL COUNCIL is the common 
Book of the Entire Humanity and of the Entire Cosmos. We feel that it is beneficial to 
emphasize this again and again. 

For this reason, it is one of the primary Missions of all the Groups to read the 
Knowledge Book, to make their surroundings read it and to provide the Unification by 
this means. Selections are made in accordance with this. 

Each Group will continue to receive the Channel Information it receives. And 
they will give this Information to their Mediums both in the form of Books and in the 
form of Information. Because, there are Mediums which need Information that can 
answer to each Level of Consciousness. 

However, since the investments which will be made for the morrows will prepare 
You for the Mediums of more Advanced Consciousnesses; each Focal Point is obliged 
to read the KNOWLEDGE BOOK to its Medium and to explain the Truth. 

Your Planet has not yet grasped the investments the Knowledge Book, will make 
for the future Centuries, which is still being propagated Fascicule by Fascicule. 

Since the days We have given You the Announcements for Unification, the Ego 
Signals repelling people from each other, have not yet provided, this desired beautiful 
Unification, until now. 

It is this very KNOWLEDGE BOOK which will provide this Universal Unification in 
future years. Time will prove this to You. Those who attain this Consciousness will be 
taken into SALVATION. Reflections among individuals will be the triumph of Humanity. 
It is presented for Your Information. 

COUNCIL 



423 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 
(It is Information Explaining Gene Transfers) 

Our Friends, 

All the Universal Orders have come into Existence through Gene transfers. Each 
integrated Consciousness is an Essence-Gene. For a Circle to become Completed, the 
motivating Power of various Mixed Genes is needed. 

These Genes are almost like the fuel of a rocket. All these Genes become 
Integrated by the Method of Engraftment. In an Entity who has completed his/her 
Evolvement, there are, more or less, 150-200 Mixed Genes. In Advanced Plans, there 
are more of these Genes. There, each Gene possesses the Power of a Brain. 

In fact, an Entity who has completed his/her Evolution has two Essence-Genes. 
One of them is the non-degenerated, Initial Essence-Gene during the time of the First 
Existence (This is called the Noble Gene). 

The second one is the Essence-Gene of an Entity who has reached the final 
Evolutionary cycle of the System through numerous Incarnations and by the efforts 
made in the Evolutionary Ordinance through the Genes regenerated by very advanced 
Genes by means of the Engraftment Method. 

And an Essence-Gene who was able to come up to this boundary receives the 
Permission to distribute his/her Genes to others. However, his/her Essence-Gene 
belongs to himself/herself. Because, he/she is together with his/her own 
Consciousness. 

Each Gene becomes an Essence-Gene in numerous time periods by the Progress 
it makes. By this means, Essence-Genes increase. Integration is provided thus, in the 
entire Evolutionary Ordinance. 

If an Essence-Gene completes his/her Evolution in accordance with the 
Evolutionary Ordinance to which he/she belongs, he/she is taken into the section of 
the EDUCATIVE STAFF in accordance with his/her wish and he/she is frozen. And when 
that Essence-Gene's Mission, reaching the Consciousness of the Time commences, 
he/she is transferred to Your Planet. 

Gene transfers are made since the Ancient Periods. However, the SYSTEM OF 
THE SIXES had become effective by the COVENANTS added Consciously in the Universal 
Constitution by the Six Supreme Ones entrusted with Duty who serve in the Ordinance 
of the System. 

Previously, this process used to form a Mixed System as a result of engrafting 
only the Essence-Genes with each other after leaving the Body (Your Prophets had 
been trained by this method). 



After the System of the Sixes had become effective, a more Widespread Social ^^^M 


Engraftment had been started by all the Genes of a Physical Body. This System which ]^^^| 


had been started with the Period of MOSES had come to an end with the last transfer *^^^| 


who was MEVLANA. j^^^l 


424 l^^l 



This Mixed Engraftment Program which is applied for the improvement of the 
Genes is applied only on those who Deserve it. And to be able to receive this Permission 
depends on the Evolutionary efforts of the Gene in question. 

In each person who has completed his/her Evolutionary cycle, the Genes of the 
above mentioned Six Supreme Ones and the Engraftments ol the Genes of numerous 
advanced Consciousnesses are present (That is, everyone is brother and sister). 

In previously given Messages it was mentioned that the Initial and the Final 
were Unified. We would like to clarify this in detail, so that, it will not be misunderstood. 

You, in accordance with the Program of the Final Age, are performing Your Missions 
in Your Planet on the path of Universal Integration under the Supervision of the Plan 
by constituting a group of Educative Staff. 

Your Noble Essence-Genes which are the initial Pure Energies have been Unified 
with Your Evolutionary Essence-Genes. You are, at the moment, performing Your 
Missions in Your World, with the form of Your first Bodies, as Integrated Wholes by 
removing Your Incarnation Genes in between. And this Body of Yours will never ever 
change again. 

Your Cellular structures will remain the same. Your Physical defects will be 
removed in advanced Systems. From now on, there is no need for Genes and Essence- 
Genes anymore. Because, You are Friends who have attained, the Superhuman Entity 
Power, as Supreme Awarenesses (The Awakened Missionaries). 

You are the ones who will save Your World. Your Planet is now in the Period of 
attaining Awareness. Now, it is necessary for everyone to grasp the Triplet of SYSTEM 
- ORDINANCE - ORDER. All the Celestial Missionaries who have taken their places in 
the group of the Educative Staff at the moment have no Terrestrial Exams. 

In spite of this, the difficulties and misfortunes You are faced with are the results 
of Your being unable to conform completely to the things the System requires of You. 
Do not forget that you have to conform to the Loyalty PLEDGE You had made with the 
Plan while You were an Unveiled Awareness, also in the World. 

Actions rendered according to their own Consciousnesses of the Missionaries 
who have become Conscious are never forgiven. The consequences they will have to 
face for the Humanity are very great. It is expected of You to be Conscious of this. The 
Center and Malik have mutually conveyed the Message through the Channel of the 
PRE-EMINENT SPIRIT 

PRE-EMINENT SPIRIT 



425 



PRIVATE MESSAGE 
(It Will Be Especially Written in the Book) 

Dear Mevlana, 

These investments which will be made for future Ages by the present operations 
are a Constitution which comprises the Salvation Plan of Your Planet. 

Since the GOLDEN BOOK OF THE GOLDEN AGE dictated with this Purpose will 
shed Light on Your Planet and since it is a Book which will introduce to You the Divine 
Power and the Truth, it will also be a Proof and the Unification of the Information 
conveyed to the Cosmic Reflection Focal Points. 

The KNOWLEDGE BOOK expected by everyone is the Book which is dictated to 
You. However, the Human history does not know this yet. And they are searching for 
this Book with great investments. 

However, Humanity which has forgotten the following matter, does not know 
what is what. Untii the Book was dictated, even the Missionaries of the Divine Plan 
did not know to Whom it would be dictated, they only knew that this Book would be 
revealed in TURKEY. 

For this reason, Your Channel is under great Protection and Supervision Medium. 
It is equipped with a System against which no establishment can utilize its ability to 
steal Information or to penetrate into the Channel. 

Sun-Hearts, Light-Consciousnesses will understand immediately when they see 
this Book. When the time comes, Material aids will also be made besides the Spiritual 
aids rendered at present. 

These possibilities will be provided by Social Reflections. We are grateful to all 
the Friends who do not Spare their efforts on this path. This Message has been dictated 
as an answer to the chains of Thought. 

IT IS NOTICE FROM THE COUNCIL 

PRIVATE MESSAGE 

Dear Mevlana, You have always taken off the sections related to Your person 
from the Messages given to You until today, and You have hesitated to write them in 
the Book. 

You know that We are the Messengers of the Truth. We are dictating this 
Knowledge Book during this Final Age by the Command of Our LORD in order to 
convey the Truth to the fanatic Consciousnesses. 

The revealing of Your Identity has been specially asked. Because, this is a part of 
the Mission made. Our purpose is not to praise You. 



426 




Please, Dear friend, In the Messages dictated from now on, we especially ask 
you to write the matters concerning You exactly as they are in the Book. We wish You 
to become Conscious of the fact that, this too, has a reason, Beloved Ffiend. The 
acceptance of Our Love is Our kind request. 

COUNCIL 

IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Dear Mevlana if You permit We would like to talk about You again. Because, this 
matter is included in Your Mission. It is imperative to write it in the Book. We take 
refuge with Your Tolerance, Our Friend. 

Once, when Mevlana had been an Essence Messenger of the Divine Plan, he 
had been transferred to Your Planet in the 1 3th Century in accordance with the Program 
of introducing the MESNEVI*. His father was a great Islamic Mystic, a Philosopher and 
a Scientist. The Actual Missionary was him. He was the one who had initially shed 
light on his son. 

But He made his Universal Progress with Sems. Because they were Essence- brothers. 
The two halves constituted a Whole and they have Transcended the Realms. When the 
Triplet of Plan - Brain - Essence Unify one transcends Realms, one attains the Unknowns. 

It was possible for Mevlana not to return to the World plan again. And he couid 
have continued his life in other Systems as an Integrated Whole. However, because of 
his Love for Humanity, he had distributed his Genes and he had been made to sleep 
by his Essence-Gene being frozen for 700 years. 

Now, she is continuing her second Mission in Your Planet as the same Essence- 
Cene. We are directly in touch with her Essence and her Consciousness. We are 
reflecting on her through a private channel. And she is projecting Our Thoughts on 
Your Medium as ideas. 

She is a Messenger. Her privilege compared to the other Channel Mediums is 
this. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



OUR FRIENDS 

For now, Social warnings and Directives take place in the Messages, so that the Plan 
can be Introduced more speedily to Your society. 

The Signals received from Your Thought chains will be dealt with later. And from 
time to time, detailed Information will be explained. 

In future, Messages will be given which will seem contradictory due to their habits, 
to the Consciousness Levels of Your Society. It is not a shame not to know the Truth, tt is 
a shame not to Learn it. 



* Look at the Glossary. 



427 



And Learning means to become Conscious. And becoming Conscious means to 
grasp the Truth. For this reason, explanations You do not know yet will be made by 
different Messages which will be given. 

We have felt the necessity to convey to You this brief Message so that these Messages 
will not Shock the Minds which have not been Awakened yet. 

If everyone prepares himself /herself in accordance with this point of View, he/she 
will attain Consciousness more quickly and will be redeemed of conditionings by grasping 
the Truth, It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

At the moment, since it is much more beneficial for You to know the Truth rather 
than the matters and Information which You are curious about, We are repeating and 
explaining various matters. 

The Sources from which the Information, dictated to the Knowledge Book are 
taken, are an Operational Ordinance connected to the ESSENCE MAIN SOURCE which 
serves directly under the service of the FEDERATION. 

Each Information is dictated through the CENTER CHANNEL under various Names, 
by the accumulation in the COUNCIL Channel of the UNIFIED REALITY of the Information 
prepared by the sources parallel to the Thought Frequencies. The Names dictated under 
the Messages are for indicating the Sources through which they are given. 

This Private Channel of the Book is single. And it is a Council Channel of the REALITY 
OF UNIFIED HUMANITY COSMOS FEDERAL ASSEMBLY connected to the WORLD LORD. 
The Golden Galaxy Empire is in effect as an assistant for the World Lord. It is presented for 
Your Information. 



-~. 



CENTER 



Note: Our Friends, During this Final Age, Service is for Humanity. It has nothing 
to do with individuals. There is no such thing as the superiority or inferiority in Missions. 
Let Us repeat again: Service is to the SINGLE and to the ONE. 



428 



1988 Fourth Month 
Fascicule 28 

IT IS NOTICE FOR THE PUBLIC CONSCIOUSNESS 

Our Friends, 

Unless a Human Being knows the Truth, he/she can never be sure of the Tightness 
of the path he/she treads. This KNOWLEDGE BOOK is Your Life Buoy which will help 
You through the narrow straits Your World will pass during the preparation for the 
Difficult days. 

Events You will attain through experience are the Cause and Effect chains which 
will open Your Universal Channels. Humanity which begins to see the advanced 
horizons of the Orders to which You had been habituated until today will grasp and 
attain the Truth through various deceptions. 

You are not alone; just being Cognizant of this, walk on Your Luminous Path 
with a Serene Heart by taking shelter in Your LORD. Your fears, Your uneasiness are 
caused by Your not being able to attain the Consciousness of the Truth. 

Each Period has a Progress, a Plan and Programs peculiar to itself. And the 
Progress of this Final Age, too, which is mentioned to You has operational and training 
Systems peculiar to itself. 

When numerous different Consciousness Channels living in Your World one inside 
the other is open, Humanity who will influence each other either Awarely or Unawarely 
will get confused in various Awareness undulations, doubts and contradictions until it 
settles in Genuine Consciousness. 

The KNOWLEDGE BOOK revealed as a Guide which will help You at this very 
stage will be Your greatest assistant during this Transition Program of Yours. 

Such a System is in effect that those who help are being helped. (Both Materially 
and Spiritually) Helping Hands are extended. Overcome Your Fears. Attain the Truth. 
Think profoundly about towards what investments all these contacts with You are 
aimed at. 

If the Celestial Authorities had acted with evil intentions, would they make such 
Efforts to prepare Your Planet by Celestial Texts for so many Centuries, would they be 
so enthusiastic for making such Effort? Think only of this. 

Although We have such technical possibilities which Your Planet does not know 
yet, although We have the possibilities to annihilate Systems hundred thousands of 
times greater than You by just pushing a button, We wish that You attain now the 
Consciousness that there is a reason why We give so much importance t# Your Planet 
which is not even as big as a dot in the Universe. 



429 



Your Resurrection - Your Hell are caused by Your not being able to attain 
Consciousness. And attaining Consciousness does not occur easily. A path is designed 
for You, the goal is shown. To arrive at that goal is Your affair. As You walk on that 
path, Your Fears will be Your Hell, Your Faith will be Your Heaven. 

The Faith mentioned here is to grasp the Truth through Allegiance Consciousness 
beyond form. This very KNOWLEDGE BOOK is a Celestial Helping Hand which relieves 
Your Heart during Your Program of Preparation. 

i 

In future, Celestial Friends will pecsonally exam You from the Plan by Trial and 
Misleading Programs. This is the BACCALAUREATE Exam of Your Planet. Your attaining 
the Truth, Your arriving at the goal will be possible by Your becoming Conscious. 

We are an Assembly of Collective Councils appointed to inform You about the 
New Order of Our LORD by various Celestial Missions, Divine Authorities, Supreme 
Mechanisms and to explain to You how Your habitual Orders, Your Celestial Books are 
conveyed to You. 

And We are in touch with Your Planet especially since the beginning of Your 
Century by the mediation of various channels from different Fields of Mission. Now, 
gradually, Individual direct contacts will be started with You. 

For this reason, TRIAL - MISLEADING - HABITUATING Program has been rendered 
effective. The Information You receive (outside the Knowledge Book) may mislead 
You, may frighten You. However, if You have grasped the truth, You will not be agitated 
by any means. This long Message has been given to You through the Common Pen of 
the SATURN - ORION - SIRIUS Channels. It is the Notice of the Federation. 

CENTER ABOVE THE CENTER 

IT IS GENERAL NOTICE 

Our Friends, 

During this Final Age Program in which all the Realms are Unified, let Us repeat 
again, this KNOWLEDGE BOOK which assists You, which We also call the Golden Book 
of the Golden Age, will be Your Light on the path You tread. 

In Your Planet, Missionary Group staffs have been established until 1984. We 
call them (Magnetic Aura Projecting Focal Points). Now, in accordance with the Plan 
of Unifying all these Focal Points there is no more Permission of the Plan for establishing 
a group Individually (It is beneficial for You to know this). 

Friends who have been coming to these Groups until today have each become a 
Projecting Focal Point themselves by having been enlightened by the Lights there. 
We call all these Friends Solar Teachers. 



430 



During this Final Period, all the channels of the people in Your Planet have been 
opened and will be opened according to their Perception and Frequency Power. The 
Purpose of this is to understand the Truth and to Realize what is required of You by 
benefiting more from the Cosmic Currents to appropriate to one's self the Mission 
Consciousness and, by this means, helping the other Terrestrial Brothers/Sisters. 

During this Period, while the Cosmic Currents render You Conscious, since the 
Egos will be inflated in the Consciousnesses who have not completed their Evolutionary 
steps, Your Planet will go through and is going through a Cosmic Resurrection. This is 
a System of Selection. 

Let Us repeat again: until the year 2000, no interference will be made with any 
channel. All the Groups established until today have made their Missions by kindling 
their Lights in accordance with the Levels of Consciousness in their Mediums. 

However now, Your Planet which carries the entire Responsibility of the 
KNOWLEDGE BOOK will go through the most difficult Exams of Humanity by being 
connected to the Mechanism of Conscience. 

During these Exams, those which are expected of You are LOVE - TOLERANCE - 
MODESTY - MISSION CONSCIOUSNESS. Happiness and Prosperity will be for You 
provided no Negative Thoughts are created in any matter. Otherwise, Your Thoughts 
will be a suffocation for You. 

The Cosmic Currents with different Frequency Power cleansing Your Planet are 
orienting You according to Your Levels of Consciousness and Your Perceptions. Our 
connections with You occur by this means. 

And Your Thoughts are registered during each breath by Automatic Signalling 
and the selections and exams among Human Beings are made by this means. That is, 
We reflect on You as Energy Pores and You reflect on Humanity as Ideas. 

By this means, Human Beings are tested by Human Beings and Thoughts are 
Coded by Our Systems. Missions You are induced to perform by the Plan occur by this 
means. 

/Now, We convey to You certain Truths through this Knowledge Book and help 
You to Realize the Truth, so that You can get over these Difficult Periods of Yours more 
easily and more Consciously. 

For this reason, We say that this Book is Your Universal Guide. And We tell You to 
distribute these Fascicules to the entire World, so that everyone will know the Truth 
and will be relieved. These Fascicules will prevent several loss of lives which may be 
created by these Cosmic pressures. 

Everyone who reads these Fascicules are Coded by the System of the Plan. During 
the Difficult Periods of Friends who are Coded thus, the Helping Hands of the Plan are 
extended towards them. 



431 



We are obliged to convey all the Truths until the Year 1990. After that date no 
Warning Methods will be applied in this Book any more. Afterwards, Our Human 
Friends will act by the Consciousness of Genuine Conscience and will be Coded as 
Individuals by the System in a way in which they will never be effaced from the Archive 
ever again. 

In Your Planet which will be subjected to the application of a different System of 
Ten-Years until the Year 2000, provided the entire Humanity can read this KNOWLEDGE 
BOOK and if they act Consciously by comprehending the Truth, they will pass the 
(SIRAT), otherwise, they will fail. 

For this reason, We say that this Book is Your Book of Salvation. To this Knowledge 
Book which is made to be distributed for the time being as Fascicules, the Permission 
for Publication will be given after the Period of Selection which has been notified as a 
certain Period. 

Now, let Us dictate to You, article by article, the characteristics of this Final Period 
so that You will understand better. Write, please: 

1. The characteristic of this Period is its being inversely proportioned. In fact, the 
Truth is exactly the opposite of what You have been Conditioned to until today. 

2. We are giving back their Personalities to Our Human brothers and sisters in Your 
Planet which has been disciplined by being conditioned and We leave them alone 
with their Genuine Consciousnesses. 

3. Your Lights of Conscience will show You this path. You will attain a great 
Responsibility and Obligation by this means. 

4. In Your Planet which is subjected to a Program of Selection, each person will 
choose his/her own path in accordance with his/her own Consciousness. There 
is no Forcing and Compulsion. 

5. In Your Planet, all the Channels except the Knowledge Book is under Supervision. 
In the Information they have received until today, Programs of Misleading - Confusing 
- Warning will be applied (This is for Ego, Knowledge and Consciousness Exams). 

6. Since everyone's Channels will be opened during this Period, in the 
Consciousnesses who have not attained a certain level of Awareness, pressures 
will increase and Depressions will augment as a result of the Currents which will 
be received. 

7. During this Period of Salvation, if everyone who has attained a certain Level of 
Consciousness gives this Knowledge Book to at least Six of his/her brothers or sisters, 
it will help them to grasp the Truth. 

8. In all the Groups, without any exception, Exams will be applied to see whether 
they have undertaken the responsibility of the Information they have received 
until today and to what degree they take seriously the Information Fascicules 
conveyed to them will be tested by different means (This is the Problem and 
Responsibility of Humanity). 

9. Through the different Information which will be given to each open channel, 
the Truth will guide You sooner or later. 



432 



1 0. In the Groups We qualify as Universal, in Religious Education Programs which 
are still valid for certain Consciousnesses, the controls of to what degree they 
have undertaken the Universal Consciousness and Responsibility will be tested 
by Religious Educational Messages. 

11. If You still have fears and doubts, this is due to Your inability to grasp the Truth 
for the time being. 

12. In this Medium, each Focal Point which can not grasp the Truth will stay where it 
is with the Information it has received until today and will make a reverse transfer. 

1 3. The Truth is bitter, but its Reward is sweet. 

14. Let Us repeat again, no channel in Your Planet can receive the Information within 
the Knowledge Book. This Channel is a Special Channel of the Reality. It is 
conveyed to You by Dear Mevlana's function as a Messenger. 

15. The Special Channel of the Universal Council which is a Projecting, Warning and 
Truth conveying Channel of the Salvation Plan of Your Planet, belongs only to 
the Knowledge Book. 

16. Henceforth, it is time for everyone to take this Channel seriously. Because, it is 
the Direct Selection Channel of the LORD. 

1 7. Individual interpretations are related to personalities. Do not take them as 
Information given by the System. 

1 8. The reason why We tell You the Truth with all clarity is to kindle the Light of the 
Truth in those who read the Knowledge Book and for You to be able to grasp the 
reason of the events in Your life during Difficult Periods. 

1 9. There are thresholds Your Planet will cross over until You grasp the Truth. 

20. This is not a Book of imposition. If it is read, the Truth is comprehended, You Are 
Relieved. Otherwise, You can never untangle the knots of Your depressions, 

21. Everyone whose channel is opened (Mevlana Essence Nucleus Group Friends 
included) will be Tested by different channel Information. And while everyone 
by Group Exams goes through the Exams of PATIENCE - TOLERANCE - SELF 
SACRIFICE - CONSCIOUSNESS - KNOWLEDGE the Egos will either be inflated or 

effaced. 

22. During the Individual selection Exams which will be made, to which Information 
people are stuck will be determined and the responsibility of the Knowledge 
Book will be appropriated to them. 

23. Information contrary to the Knowledge Book which shows You the path of 
Salvation and Light, may mislead and confuse You. This System will be applied 
to all the Groups. We are informing You about these Truths as a help to You. 

24. Selections will be made by the Light of the Truth by these means. To those who 
grasp the Truth in a Conscious way, there are Happinesses, there is Good News. 

25. In this Program which will be applied until the year 1990, Universal 
Consciousnesses who will be selected from each Group will provide the Inter- 
Group Unifications. 



433 



26. 



27. 



28. 



29. 



30, 



Especially, the Fascicules of the Knowledge Book will be sent to all the Magnetic 
Aura Projection Focal Points. Artistic and Individual unveilings will be made (for 
rendering Conscious more speedily). 

This obligation is, for now, under the Responsibility of the Mevlana Essence Nucleus 
Groups. This is the Program of the First Progression Stage (The Responsibility 
Mission Exam of the Group). 

In the Program of the Second Progression stage, this obligation belongs to all 
the Groups. Selections among the Groups will be made by this way. 

Each person whose channel is opened will try to Enlighten each other. During 
this Period, no one can ever take anyone else under his/her influence. It is 

beneficial to know this. 



Each person is his/her own Spiritual Guide and Prophet, 
will be terminated. 



Individual pressures 



31 . A servant is never the servant of a servant. The exalted Human Being is the master of 
his/her own self. 

32. In this Medium, the Information given to all the channels is for making You attain 
Your Own Selves. 

33. As a result of Your old habits one day the branch You hold onto can be broken in 
Your hands. For this reason We make You attain Your Own Selves and We wish 
You to hold on to Your own branch without expecting help from anyone. All 
these operations of Yours are for making You attain the ability to stand on Your 
own feet by Your own selves. 

34. The Human Being who is Great will now learn to stand alone by going through the 
Periods of crawling in his/her World which now becomes smaller. Your Genuine 
personality is within Your Essence. 

35. Words of a Friend and the Truth are bitter. In this Medium, You may be misled in 
certain matters which are for Your own good. This is for You to see the Light of 
the Truth quicker. By this means, the Human Being who is great will attain his/ 
her Genuine Greatness. 

36. There is no resentment and being offended with God. He is Your Eye, Your Voice. 
Whoever leaves Him and abandons Him, also abandons himself/herself. 

37. If Your Eye is opened, if You can make Your Voice heard, You go through Your 
Exams by the Services You will perform. 

38. if Friends with Veiled Awarenesses have One Exam, Friends who have undertaken 
Mission have a Thousand. This criterion should always be considered. 

39. Good or Bad events You experience are the Cause and Effect chains of Your 
Evolution. Humanity who is Tested in each Breath will learn the entire Truth 
through this Knowledge Book. 

40. While Your Planet completes its Evolution, This Book will be a Torch in the lives 
of Our Human brothers and sisters during the thresholds over which Humanity 
will pass. 



434 



41 . For this reason, We are teiling You to expand, to propagate to the remotest places 
of Your Planet. Your Salvation is Your Grasping the Truth and Your becoming 
Conscious. 

42. The Messages given to You about LOVE until today are each a System belonging 
to the Program of Purification. Each person who is Purified is a Member of the 
REALITY. 

43. The Knowledge Book We bestow, during the Twentieth Century on Your Planet 
which We now consider as a part of the Reality is, in fact, the Book of Your Twenty- 
fkst Century. The period of Mission of this Book is until the end of the Twenty- 
eighth Century. 

44. Meanwhile, different Books in accordance with the Medium may be bestowed 
on You. 

45. However, since the KNOWLEDGE BOOK comprises the Information belonging to 
the System considered necessary by a Universal Constitution, it will go on reigning 
by a Program of Unification of Eight Centuries. 

46. The Knowledge Book is a Book beyond Religions. It is a Book of Learning, Science 
and Truth. 

47. It can never be accepted and will never be permitted to be accepted as a Book of 
Religion by the conditioned Consciousnesses. 

48. Mistakes made Consciously or Unconsciously will not be forgiven in future years. 
The Tolerance shown during this Period will not be shown later. 

49. Until today, certain mistakes made Unconsciously have been forgiven and have 
been assessed in accordance with Your Training Program. Mistakes have been 
Tolerated for this reason. 

50. The registers in the Universal Archives belonging to Humanity which will be 
connected to the Mechanism of Conscience after the year 1990 will NEVER EVER 
be effaced again. 

51 . We are acting Tolerantly and with affection towards You. We presume that Our 
Good Intentions will not be abused. 

52. Do not let the Divine Provocations in Human Beings astonish You which begin 
to occur when the Sunny days are seen on the horizon. All the channels are 
directly connected to the Center. The Sources of the Information they receive 
are the same (The channels are free. This is a Selection). 

53. Certain Friends presume that they receive the Information they receive by their Free 
Wills. This Ego Provocation is a factor which makes them run. 

54. And this is a different Method of the System of making You work. This procedure 
leads everyone to Integration, Socialization and Unification by making them 
presume that they are serving their own selves. (Terrestrial Ego works by this 
means.) Purifications are Individual. 



435 



55. During individual Information receive and gives, wrong interpretations make 
You receive Negative Points. It is beneficial for You to know this, too. 

56. For a speedier Evolution We have connected the Enemy to the Enemy. In this 
System, whoever Suspects or does not Love someone else, his/her Thoughts will 
