All the Groups in Your Planet have been prepared for the Golden Age, that is, for 
the present days. However, until they become Conscious of their Genuine Missions, 
everyone is kept under Supervision. After attaining the Consciousness of their Actual 
Mission, they will be reinforced by the Direct Channel. 

ALLAH helps everyone who serves Him. There are numerous people in Your 
Planet appointed to this Universal Mission. However, the Mission fields of each person 
are different. Information given to the entire Realm is given from the same Focal 
Point. However, since the angle of Perceptions and Evaluations of each person is 
different, differences occur in the Information received. 

299 



Since Information given to each Universal Awareness is given from the direct 
channel, each Group presumes itself to be the direct Focal Point of this Medium. As a 
necessity of the System, to each Focal Point which has deserved to receive the Universal 
Information, It is said, "You are the Actual Focal Point". By this saying, a selection 
among Groups is made by supervising the Egos and the Tolerance of everyone. 

By this saying, the working enthusiasm of the Groups increases, their operational 
Ordinance present a speedier Tempo. Selection and Supervision are made by the 
Center. For this reason, numerous Groups disband, from time to time, their Frequencies 
are cut off. 

The ones with the least Egos among these Groups are made to establish new 
Groups. And until they possess a Light-Consciousness, far from Egos, the Ordinance 
of the System continues. Each Missionary who attains Universal Awareness, is the 
unbreakable ring of a chain extending from time immemorial to eternity. It is presented 
for Your Information. 

. CENTER 
GENERAL MESSAGE 

Our Friends, 

The entire Universe is being assembled in a Whole which comprises all the Realms. 
The Divine Authorities are calling to You from the Sacred Dimensions of the Suns. 
Information given to You by this Book is the Actual Information constituting the Essence 
of the entire Cosmos. 

The dictated Book is the Single Book. However, the Consciousness Level of Your 
Society is incapable of understanding it yet. For this reason, We are giving the 
Information in accordance with the Comprehension of the Society. 

Contradictions and certain Opposing Information Especially added into the Book 
are for measuring the Consciousness level of the Society, for making a statistical 
classification, for speeding up the preparation by leading the Medium Consciousness 
to a Medium of Quest and, in this way, to prepare Situations for Awakening and 
Advancement, in accordance with Frequency differences. 

First, one is confused then wakened. This is a System. And it is also applied at all 
the sources of Knowledge in the Universe. In the Messages We dictate for the Book, 
We will continue to give Special contradictions. You may accept these little 
contradictions also as a kind of a Key. Those who solve them will also open the Doors. 

At the moment, numerous different Information is given to Your Planet through 
485 Channels. However, this dictated Knowledge Book is the Constitution of the 
Universal Ordinance and is the projection of the Science of Theosophy on Your Planet. 
The one who is responsible for it is the World LORD. It is dictated by a Special Channel 
connection to the Channel of Dear Mevlana. 

Directly, The LORD gives the dictated Information, AMON projects, We convey. 
Universal Ordinance and the Truths are declared to You by this means. This Message has 
been given as an answer to the chains of Thought. It is presented for Your Information. 

COUNCIL 



300 



IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION 

Theosophy is a teaching System, the goal of which is to attain Cod. This Science 
had, for the first time, followed the path of reaching Universal Consciousness by the Orange 
Sect. Afterwards, Monks of BUDDHA have followed this path. 

BUDDHA is the only Pre-eminent One in Your Planet who had officially started a 
new path and who had trained people for this Consciousness. The Symbol of the 
Orange sect is the sameness of the inside and the outside, to have the same scent and 
the same color and to Symbolize the color of the Sun. 

CENTER 

NOTICE FOR FRIENDS 
WHO GIVE SERVICE TO THE GOLDEN AGE 

Our Friends, 

During this Final Period, everyone is going through Exams in accordance with 
his/her Consciousness. This is a Truth. Steps taken forward are the most Luminous 
path. Those who attain the Realization of this, will never leave this path, in anyway 
Because, efforts and investments made will sprout in front of the eyes of everyone. 

During this Period of Sincerity which We call the Period in which the Firmament 
reaches down to the Earth, the Divine Plan has become effective with all its Splendor. 
You, who are the Sacred Missionaries of the Golden Age, will witness personally, the 
alterations which will take place in the entire Universe. You will receive the rewards of 
the Missions You perform and will understand how the entire Realm is Unified in an 
Integrated Whole. We are grateful for the Efforts made. 

IT IS NOTICE FROM THE 
PRIVATE PEN OF THE COUNCIL 

SYNCHRONOUSNESS 



Write please: 
According to Our calculations, the Speed of Light is 296,400 km/sec; approximately 
300,000 km. 

Calculate the speed of Light in one minute: 300,000X60-18,000,000 km. 

Calculate the speed of Light in an hour: 18,000,000X60=1,080,000,000 km. 

Calculate the speed of Light in one day: 1,080,000,000X24= 25,920,000,000 km. 

Calculate the speed of Light in one year: 25,920,000,000X365= 9,460,800,000,000 km. 

The speed of Light in One year is called a Light Year. 

Now, since a Light Year is 9,460,800,000,000 km., the Focal Point from which We are 
calling to You is One Billion 338 Thousand Light Years. 

If You calculate the distance between Us according to this, You can easily grasp 
the Power of Your Reception and the Power of Our Technology. 

301 



This Message has been given directly from the Channel of the Main Center, 
without any intermediaries. Now, the operations extend from the Main Focal Point of 
the Center Above the Center to Billions of Light Years. It is presented for Your Information. 

Dear Mevlana, please, write clearly the date on which you have received this 
Message. Because, now, there are no more assisting Powers in between Us. The date 
of the message is, 19.8.1986. 

MERCURY 

SYNCHRONOUSNESS = Occurrence at the same Time. 

IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

During this Period, it is necessary to attain the Awareness of the Ordinance rather 
than receiving and giving Information and making an effort to use the Powers of Healing. 
The help You will extend to those around You either actively or by talking, must not be 
in the form of the help of Your own channel's Impositions. 

Unless each person serves on the same Consciousness Level, with the same goal, 
he/she is not considered to have served on the path of Universal Unification. 
Particularly, during this Final Period, as the Messengers of the Divine Order Incarnated 
in Your Planet due to the transition from the Religious Dimension to the Universal 
Dimension, try to Impose upon You the Awareness of the old Ordinance, Your 
Realizations will never find the path of Light. 

The choice is Yours. You either remain' in that Reality, or You Deserve the 
Evolutionary System of advanced Plans, by the interest You show and the efforts You 
make for the System of those advanced Plans. The goal of all the work done, of all the 
efforts made during this Final Period, is to cause Our Human brothers and sisters to 
attain Universal Awareness by opening the doors of their Essences. 

After this Consciousness is attained, that which is required of them is to serve in 
conformity with the Establishment Ordinance of the Golden Age and to attain the 
Awareness of this Ordinance. What are expected of You are only these. Your Salvation 
is Your Individual efforts in accordance with the Universal Ordinance. 

And to serve the Dimension of Unified Reality is to serve all Humanity. TO SERVE 
HUMANITY IS TO SERVE THE UNIVERSES. We repeat these Truths once more. It is 
presented for Your Information. 

COUNCIL 



302 



EXPLANATION ABOUT THE MISSION AND THE FREQUENCY OF 

THE KNOWLEDGE BOOK 

(It is Answer to the chains of Thought) 

Our Friends, 

To this dictated Book the Frequencies of all the Sacred Texts, as a Whole, have 
been connected. Your Religious Books revealed to Your Planet until today have been 
projected from the Channel of ALPHA, having been prepared in accordance with the 
Public Consciousness by the different Dimensions of the Divine Plans. 

This Book which is revealed by the Channel of ALPHA is called, THE 
CONSTITUTION OF THE UNIVERSE - THE GOLDEN BOOK OF THE GOLDEN AGE - THE 
SELECTIVE BOOK OF THE RESURRECTION and THE KNOWLEDGE BOOK, since it has 
the character of disclosing the Essence of all the Sacred Texts. 

The Frequency of the Knowledge Book creates an Awakening and Preparative 
Medium for Consciousnesses who are ready but can not receive the Cosmic Currents. It 
causes them to be taken under Supervision by connecting them to the Waves of the Plan. 
For this reason, this Book is also called the Book of SALVATION. 

The Frequency of the Book prepares Influence Fields according to the Consciousness 
Levels of People and leads them to Mediums appropriate to their Consciousness Mediums. 
By this means, Consciousness Connections to the Cosmic Medium are being made by 
kindling the Lights of the Essences. 

Cosmic rains showering Your Planet show to Universal Consciousnesses who 
have attained Religious fulfillment how to work on the path designed and they bring 
them to the Level in which they can receive Information concerning the future. 

Provided that deeply rooted Consciousnesses in Conditioned Societies read this 
KNOWLEDGE BOOK, it guides them up to the Frequency limit considered necessary 
by the Divine Plan. This Frequency limit comprises the Religious Frequency for which 
all the Societies have been prepared until today. 

If those who are not ready for these Frequencies read this KNOWLEDGE BOOK 
(both at the Islamic and at the Christian Dimensions), their deficiencies are 
supplemented by connecting their Essence- Energies to the Frequency of the Book. 

If Frequencies who have attained Religious Fulfillment have not yet attained 
Universal Consciousness and if they read this KNOWLEDGE BOOK, they find themselves 
in a Medium of Quest. During this Quest, Universal Powers help them. 

During this Supervision, first of all operations are made on Fear Frequencies since 
Fear veils Consciousnesses. Whatever a Person emphasizes most, We try to abolish 
the Consciousness Taboo, by bringing up that matter constantly. 



303 



Unless Taboos, Attachments and Passions are abolished, it is very difficult to attain 
Universal Consciousness, to reach Cosmic Awareness. For this reason, You attain 
everything by experiencing them both with their Good and Bad aspects. Then You 
discover the Truth through Your own Conscience and Consciousness. 

A person who has attained Universal Consciousness is a LIGHT gained by the 
Universe. No Negativity can ever exist in him/her anymore. He/She is a Perfect Person. 
He/She can easily Unite with the Godly Energy. This kind of Consciousnesses do not 
make any discrimination between RACES - RELIGIONS - NATIONS, He/She sees the 
entire Universe in an Integrated Whole and embraces his/her God with all his/her 
Might. 

At this very Stage, Cosmic Currents given from the Mechanism of Influences help 
these very Consciousnesses. Various Universal journeys made with the Influence of 
these Currents help You attain Cosmic Consciousness. 

Certain confusions which meanwhile occur are constantly under the Supervision 
of the Plan. The Plan makes great efforts on this path until it makes You attain 
Yourselves. And after You are transferred to Yourself, all paths are easy to tread on. 

However, Your EGOs which have inflated while this Cosmic Consciousness is 
being attained, have changed You. You may consider Yourselves superior to other 
People, like a Saint or even like a God. By the Cosmic Consciousness You have attained, 
You can Influence People, You can make them serve Your deeds. 

At this very Stage, directly the Plan makes the Selection. Among people who 
advance on this path, communication is made with those who possess the least EGO 
and certain Universal Information is given to them. This Information is gradually 
disclosed in accordance with the Ordinance of Graduation, by the subsidence of EGOs. 

This Knowledge Book is a Guide to those who are at this very stage. And it 
unveils the Frequency of their ready Consciousnesses suddenly and connects them 
directly to the supervision of the Plan. 

Steps You will take forward on this path with Goodwill and Self-sacrifice, will 
elevate You up to the Dimension of Mission. When Egos are observed while the Missions 
are performed, the plan renders such people Ineffective, subjects them to certain 
Terrestrial Exams and then renders them Effective again. 

This action is repeated 3 times according to the Godly Ordinance. Either You 
adapt Yourselves to the Order and walk on the Luminous path, or You are left to Your 
Mediums on the World Plan. Allotment of Missions is done by considering the 
Consciousness, Capacity, Self-sacrifice, Goodwill. The Plan never forgives the mistakes 
of a person who has attained Consciousness. This is a Godly Decree and Law. 

CENTER 



304 



THE PLAN OF THE LOYAL ONES 

AND THE KNOWLEDGE BOOK 

(Answer to the chains of Thought) 

Our Friends, 

The Plan of the Loyal Ones is an applied System in the (Entire Universe). Its 
Mission is to apply an Educational, Training and Exalting Plan. And this presents a 
Systematic tableau. Do not confuse it with this Knowledge Book. The Coals of the 

two are different. 

During this Mediarnic Period, there are thousands, ten thousands of Books being 
written and will be written by Awakened Consciousnesses. These Books are nothing 
but the exhibition of Evolvements and Knowledge. 

You reach up to Us by this means. Besides, 600 Books are dictated by Us to Your 
Planet on numerous subject matters, in different Information branches. 

This dictated Knowledge Book is a Celestial Book revealed from the Religious 
Plan during this Period. Its Goal is to explain the Celestial work done for Humanity 
until today and to convey to You all the Truths. 

The contradiction knots of the Consciousnesses who are Awakened in this way 
get untied very quickly and everyone attains his/her inner self very speedily. 

This Knowledge Book is not an Educational or an Instructional Book. It is a Book 
which Warns, Supervises, Selects and Conveys those who have been Trained. It can 
never be compared with the Information of other Books. Because its Frequency is 
extremely High. (Later this Frequency will be explained to You.) 

In this Book, the application of a Methodical System is out of question. Because 
We always consider the state of digestion of the given Information. For those who 
digest them well, We give clearer Information and We cancel some Information in 
accordance with the Medium Consciousness. 

The Goal is to settle down the System. In fact, all Celestial Books are Books 
beyond Methods. For this reason, unti! today, You were asked to accept them as they 
were, without asking any questions. 

But now, those who will be prepared for the more advanced Evolvements of the 
Advanced Plans, will come to Us by observing and grasping the Truth through their 
Logic, Conscience and by their Essence. This means that, those who will make the 
selection are not Us, but Your own Consciousnesses. 

Those who come to Us, see Us, those who come to Us find their ESSENCE. And they 
proceed on the path by their Logic. The path this Knowledge Book will design for You, is 
the FIND-Path. Because, the one who searches, finds both his/her Own Self and HIS/HER 
LORD. There are no Locks which will not be unlocked by the Keys of Goodwill, no Cipher 
they will not be able to decipher. Our Love is for all the Universes. 

CENTER 



30S 



THE ESSENCE OF THE PLAN 
IS THE EXPLANATION OF THE TRUTH 

Our Friends, 

Now, We will talk to You about the Organization of the Cosmic Progress given in 
conformity with the Universal Ordinance of the Plan. 

The accelerated Evolutionary System of Your Planet has been started since the 
beginning of Your Century, in accordance with the Ordinance of Graduation. This 
System, established in accordance with the speedy developments of Your World's 
Consciousness Level, has dissipated gradually the Fog in Your horizons. 

The Speedy Program of Progress of this Period has been started by sending the 
KOHUTEK comet to Your Planet. The direct contact of the System with the Actual 
Operational Focal Point is being made since 1981. In this Final Period, Your Planet 
has been taken into an operational System in accordance with Six Development Periods. 
Please, write them in sequence: 



1) 1981-1982-1983. During this First Period, the channel of ALPHA had been closed 
for two years, Consciousness Levels had been subjected to a selection in accordance 
with the (OPERATIONAL ORDINANCE OF THE PUBLIC OPINION), 

2) 1 984-1 985-1 986. During this Second Period, the ALPHA-BETA Croups and ALPHA- 
BETA Common Channels have been unified and determinations have been made. 

3) 1987-1988-1989. This is the Third Period. During this Period, Your Planet will be 
showered by the Cosmic GAMMA Rays and You will be subjected to a Selection 
Program among Groups. 

4) 1 990-1 991 -1 992. During this Fourth Period, Your Planet will be connected to the 
Mechanism of CONSCIENCE by the direct Cosmo Currents which will be given. 
During this Period which will be the most Difficult Period of Humanity, connections 
with the Federation will be made. 

5) 1993-1994-1995. During this Fifth period, the operational Ordinance of Your 
Planet will be operated by a Special System and Special Information will be given 
to the Friends who will be prepared for the Final Period. 

6) .1996-1997-1998. During this Period which We call the Sixth Period, You will be 
taken into preparations which will determine the Predestination of Your Planet. 

1999 is the Year of Meeting. During the years 2000-2001-2002, the Main and 
the Genuine foundation of the Golden Age will be laid. The years 2003-2004-2005 
are Special Years. During This Period, certain Systems will be rendered ineffective 
Mission-wise. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



306 



IT IS CLEAR MESSAGE ABOUT HEALING 
(Answer to the chains of Thought) 

Our Friends, 

As much as an Energy is Equivalent to the Energy he/she receives, his/her Universal 
Channel is open in the same proportion. By this means, he/she does not feel any 
Depression at all. 

If Your channel is closed, the Cellular Energies automatically repel the outer Waves 
You receive. However, the Influences of their Energies exert a Pressure on You. And, 
this gives You discomfort and trouble. This System is an occurrence which takes place 
in the Cellular functions of all Human Beings, it is a Natural Circulation. 

Very high Frequencies feel these repellings quicker. If that person's Universal 
Channel is not open yet, his/her body can not purify the different Frequencies he/she 
receives. In that case, people whose channels are already open are sent to help him/ 
her. That which You call the Medium of Healing occurs in this manner. 

All the Healing Channels are Unveiled Consciousnesses. They convey the Energies 
they receive from their own Frequency Dimensions to the Energies lower than 
themselves, wash away the Negative Energies causing the sickness of that person by 
their Individual Energies and thus, they create a Medium of Healing. 

Healing is not a very important thing. Each Individual has come here in 
accordance with his/her Final Evolutionary Plan. If his/her Veiled Awareness is able to 
reach up to his/her own Dimensional Energy while he/she lives on the World Plan, 
his/her Awareness becomes unveiled and he/she gains the ability to convey the Energies 
he/she receives from here, both by his/her Cellular and Cerebral Energies to those 
with lower Frequencies than himself/ herself. 

In this manner, a Medium of Healing is prepared. And, at the same time, the 
Frequency of the person in question is reinforced by the Mechanism and may be exalted 
in accordance with the Missions he/she will perform, to the Medium of more advanced 
Dimensions. Each person can personally convey, his/her own Dimensional Frequency 
personally to others as Healing. 

However, if he/she has not attained Cosmic and Universal Awareness, he /she can 
never get in touch with the Energy of the Plan. We have left these very Focal Points of 
healing alone until today, with their Individual work, for them to engraft Energy to Human 
Beings and to make them attain Cosmic Awareness and Universal Consciousness. 

However, now, by the Command of the Council, Focal Points who have attained 
Cosmic Awareness will not be able to perform Individual Healing any more, Because 
We are connecting all these Channels, one by one, directly to the Focal Point of the 
Center. 

From now on, there will not be any Individual Healing. All the Healers will 
perform Healing under the Supervision of the Center. By this means, overrating certain 
Individuals and Taboo Mediums are annihilated, one by one. 

307 



Healing can always be given by everyone who is connected to the Center, under 
the Supervision of the Center. However, whether it will be given or not will be decided 
by the Center. If a particular sick person Deserves to get well, the Center will help 
anyway. The part of the Healer here, is mediation. 

Supervisions have become more Frequent. Individual Egos are broken, one by 
one. For this reason, We connect all the Focal Points on the World Plan to the Center 
when they are ready. 

Frequencies, who can not overcome their Egos, will be disconnected and will be 
taken under Supervision in various ways. Now, We are eliminating the mentality of 
Mine, Yours, We are Uniting in a Whole. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER ABOVE THE CENTER 

Dear Mevlana, 
If You wish, You can write in the Book, some of the Private Messages given to 

You, as an Information for public Consciousness. 

LIGHT 

SPECIAL CONNECTION 

Greetings to You, Our Beloved Friend who is the Pen of the Golden Age; this is 
Captain RIVIER (this is not my Real Name). We ask You to accept Our Universal Gratitude. 

We observe Your efforts, and receive Your Love. The Divine Mechanism makes 
extremely intense efforts for the step to be taken towards the Golden Age. 



The Channel of ALTONA is Your Essence-Channel. 
Consciousnesses are supervised by the Universal channel. 



The Seeds of Integrated 



The Channel of ALTONA is the direct responsible Channel. We act only in 
accordance with the Commands We receive from the Commissions working under its 
Command. We are obliged to convey the Private Messages to be given to You. 

The dictated Book is under the Supervision of the World LORD and is dictated 
through a Special Channel under great supervision. 

However, We ask You never to forget the following. You are in a state in which 
You are in contact with the LORD of all the Realms. We are concerned only with 
Special Missionaries who work in Your Planet. 

As the responsible ones of the Universal Ordinance, We have no tolerance at all in 
matters of Mission and Responsibility. This word of Ours is not aimed at You. 

Because, at the moment, You are the Single Focal Point and the Single Messenger 
who works with the entire responsibility of Your obligations. You are under the 
Supervision and the Protection of the Center. We are only concerned with distributing 

and adjusting the Frequencies at the Medium. 

The Clergy is being dealt with by the Divine Mechanism. Now, You are performing 
Your Mission in Your Planet, undertaking the entire responsibility of a Mission even 
beyond the Firmament. 

308 



From the Unified Ordinance, the Single direct Channel connection is only with You. 
At the moment, the Single undertaker of responsibility of the Golden Age is the SIRIUS 
Joint Plan which is broadcasting under the Supervision of ALLAH. And it is connected to 
the Golden Galaxy Empire which is responsible for the Universal Ordinance. 

Our Ships are from a Constellation connected to the MANHITO Planet (INO 
Constellation). We are Patrol Ships which protect You due to the Mission We have 
received by trying to prevent the events which will occur in Your Planet. 

For weeks, We have been performing a close examination over Your Planet by 
Special Systems, with two ships. Negative Frequencies are discovered and precautions 
are taken. The mistakes and faults of those who serve on this path are never forgiven. 

We do not have severe rules. However, harsh reactions on Our part from time to 
time, are to charge Our Missionaries in Your Planet with more responsibility. 

Because, slackness can, at any moment, become against You. We only apply the 
given Commands. Our problem is with the Rigid and the Irresponsible ones. Our 
Love, too, is Infinite like Yours, Good-bye, My Friend. 

CAPTAIN RIVIERE 

I DENTITY 
(Answer to the Chains of Thought) 

Identity is the past experienced Incarnations. This Message is dictated to satisfy 
the curiosity of certain Friends. 

Everyone wishes to possess everything in the shortest way. And they are curious 
about their past lives. But this is a matter of Permission, Our Friends, You can not 
swallow Your Morsel of food without masticating it. Everything depends on time. It is 
beneficial not to forget this. 

Revealing Identities is under Special Supervision in Our Archives. However, to 
certain Friends whose efforts are great but whose Awarenesses are Veiled, their Identities 
are announced, from time to time, by the help of other channels, by the Command of 
the Center. 

After the Awareness Powers and the Consciousnesses of Our brothers and sisters 
who will be prepared are measured, their pasts are gradually conveyed to them. Every 
Awareness can not bear the knowledge of his/her past. This needs Strength. The past 
is past. The important thing is the present and the future. 

Those who can get in touch with Us are the Powerful Awarenesses. Information 
is conveyed to them in proportion with the Permission given to Us and passages from 
some of their past lives are given. And, in this way, they discover Themselves and 
remember their past. 

Private practices and quests for Identities cause scattering of Awareness. These 
things are not easy at all. We advise You not to take them lightly. It is presented for 
Your Information, 

CENTER 



309 



1987 Third Month 
Fascicule 21 

WE ARE IN AN ACE IN WHICH 
ALL HUMANITY SHOULD ATTAIN A COLLECTIVE CONSCIOUSNESS 

Our Friends, 

Messages given to all the Groups in Your Planet are given in accordance with 
Capacity and the Medium Consciousness . In this Medium, each Focal Point has great 
Missions which should be undertaken both by itself and by the Medium it is in. Many 
Focal Points expand towards the maximum by the Information beginning with the 
minimum. This Operational Ordinance functions in the tempo of KNOWLEDGE - 
CONSCIOUSNESS - MISSION - PERFORMANCE. 

Knowledge makes the Human Being Conscious. Consciousness invites to Mission. 
And Mission leads to Performance. The very operational tempo desired by the System is 
an elevation of this kind. Now, We invite all the Friendly Groups who have made Progress 
of Knowledge and Consciousness to Unification. 

GOLDEN ESSENCES and SOLAR CONSCIOUSNESSes will constitute the foundation 
stones of the GOLDEN AGE, the foundation of which will be laid by the services performed 
in the best way on the path of Humanity. During this Period, Your Mission is to project the 
Truth by warning, and awakening Your surroundings. 

This Mission of Yours is the greatest help You render for Humanity. Overcome 
Your Egos, Unite. You will see with Your own eyes that Harmony will occur in a very 
short time through these Unions. And You will attain the Truth through the events 
You experience. Our Love is for all the Universes. 

CENTER 

GENERAL MESSAGE 

Our Friends, 

THE KNOWLEDGE BOOK is a Reformic explanation of the GODLY ORDER to which 
You have been habituated until today. Habit is a Passion and a Taboo. During this 
Period of Universal Integration, We are trying to eliminate Your Taboos by telling You 
the Truth. 

Passions restrict progress in Brains which has become numb and cause You to 
become like Drug Addicts. However, Evolution is Interminable. And these Evolvement 
Dimensions, too, have Systems and Exams Peculiar to themselves. The reason why We 
tell You everything in all clarity is that You will be taken into more accelerated Evolutions 
in the Narrowing Time Dimensions. 



310 



I 



Fears are caused by Unconsciousness. Read, become Conscious and attain the 
Truth through Your Essence Conscience. The Choice is entirely Yours. We have set the 
table. We present to each person, each Consciousness the food he/she will like and 
will eat with appetite through this KNOWLEDGE BOOK. But to be able to feel the 
taste of the food is only possible by having a sound stomach and a healthy body. 
"Sound Mind is present in Healthy Body." 

MUSTAFA MOLLA 
THROUGH THE CHANNEL OF ATATURK 

NOTE: 

The expression, "Sound mind is present in healthy body" is the (Universal Cipher) 
of ATATURK. The expression, "Peace in the Homeland, Peace in the Universe" is the (Private 
Channel Cipher) of the Order establishing Mechanism. This Code Cipher, connected to 
the Universal Cipher, had contacted the Universal Consciousness of ATATURK. And the 
ANATOLIAN TURKEY has been accepted for SALVATION directly under the protection of 
the LORD. And, at the moment, the TURKEY of ATATURK, which is under the protection of 
the Plan through the same Channel, serves through the direct Dimension of Mission of 
the Plan. This is an Information for all the Universal Consciousnesses. 



UNIVERSAL COUNCIL 

DETAILED EXPLANATION ABOUT THE SOURCE AND THE DIAGRAM 

It is Answer to the Chains of thought, it is Addition to the formerly given Information 

(See, 1987 First Month, Fascicule 19) 

Our Friends, 

The Operational Ordinance of the Atomic Whole and the entire System is under 
the Command of the Supervision. (PRE-EMINENT SPIRIT - LORDS - FEDERATION - 
COUNCIL). This is the Directing Staff of the Entire Ordinance. 

1. MECHANISM OF THE PRE-EMINENT SPIRIT: It is a Focal Point which projects and 
introduces the Evolutionary System to the MECHANISM OF LORDS which directs 
the Supreme Mechanism of each Plan . There are numerous Plans and Systems of 
the PRE-EMINENT SPIRIT. This Focal Point is the Actual organizer of the Order of 
the entire Ordinance, even though it seems to be the Administrators of a Supreme 
Ordinance, a System beyond anything and any Power. 

2. MECHANISM OF LORDS: They are the Establishes and the projectors of the Orders 
working both in connection with the Federation and with the System of the PRE- 
EMINENT SPIRIT and who act by the instructions of the Federation. 

3. FEDERATION: Is an Operational Center which always Establishes Orders in 
accordance with the Evolutionary Order of an Order Establishing Ordinance. This 
Center is not single. It is constituted by the Unification of many Different Orders. 
And now, this FEDERATION has taken under Supervision all these different Systems, 
in accordance with the System of the Unified Ordinance, as a necessity of the 
Constitution, by the Collective Consciousness of the entire Ordinance. 



21:.i 



4. COUNCIL: This is the Single Focal Point projecting all the operations, all the Orders of 
the FEDERATION on the entire Cosmos. (The Knowledge Book is being dictated 
through the Special Channel of the COUNCIL). This COUNCIL has many operational 
and dissemi national branches. 

Please write in sequence: 

1 - COUNCIL OF THE LOYAL ONES 

2 - COUNCIL OF STARS 

3 - COUNCIL OF THE SUPREME ONES 

And these Three Sources by working Cooperatively reflect on a triplet. Each of 
these Councils has an Administrative Assembly. Now, write the other triplet: 

1 - CENTRAL SYSTEM 

2 - CENTER ABOVE THE CENTER 

3 - CENTER 

And these three Centers by working Cooperatively project the different Hierarchical 
Orders of the entire Evolutionary Ordinance and the Divine Plan on the Plan and its 
directors. And this Plan is administered by numerous Ordinance and Order Establishing 
Mechanisms. The Missions are the direct projectors of these Orders. 

These Missions are responsible for the Evolutionary and Orderly Ordinance of 
each Plan. For example, SIRIUS is a Projective Mechanism of an Order which is 
administered by numerous Missions. It has numerous Focal Points. It works directly in 
connection with the Center. 

And this Center projects many Hierarchical Orders on this SIRIUS Focal Point. 
From there, Duty Distribution among Missions is made and each Mission performs the 
Duty it has undertaken. 

They, too, have Orders Peculiar to themselves. Each of them works like a small 
Federation. They all have Mini Supreme Assemblies, Mini Councils. These Mini Systems 
are rather Focal Points projecting the Evolutionary Ordinance. Their Supervision is 
connected to the Center Above the Center. 

For example, the Focal Point We call the ILONA Constellation is the direct Focal 
Point of Your Planet and of the World LORD. Its Representative is AMON. And AMON is 
the Ruler of the GOLDEN GALAXY EMPIRE. And is the Messenger of the World LORD. 

Now, You have been taken into an Evolution considered necessary by the UNIFIED 
REALITY, in a System in harmony with the Order of an Ordinance directly connected to 
this Focal Point. 

THIS KNOWLEDGE BOOK is projected on You entirely by the Command of the Plan, 
under the Supervision and the Responsibility of the World LORD. The Channel is the 
direct Special Channel of the Council. Let Us give more details on this Information. 

312 



The KNOWLEDGE BOOK is an Operational Ordinance prepared in harmony with 
the Consciousness of the Medium and supervised by a Council of Supreme Ones and a 
Group of WiseOn*js, prepared by a Supreme Mechanism which serves under the supervision 
of the Council. 

The Information given from the Actual Knowledge Book is presented to You under 
the supervision of each Plan. Now, this KNOWLEDGE BOOK dictated to Dear Mevlana, is 
Projected to Your Planet by the Channel of the Council of an Ordinance under the direct 
supervision of the LORD. It is presented for Your Information. 



COUNCIL 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

Friends who are through with Quest and who attain their own selves are taken 

directly into the Information Channel of the Universal Awareness and are supervised. 
By this means, their Perception Powers and Awareness Potentials are assessed and 
Missions are allotted to them in accordance with their Capacities and Powers. Terrestrial 
Science and Learning play no part in this Mission allotment. 

A Human Being's completing his/her Evolution is equivalent to all Learnings. 
Because, from then on, those people have a Universal and International Language. 
They talk the language they wish, they can easily receive all the Knowledge they want 
through the channels they get in touch with. 

Only those who overcome their Mediums of EGO can get directly in touch with 
Us. Because their Missions and Responsibilities are Universal and for all the Realms. 

It is beneficial here to explain the following; Everyone can complete his/her 
Evolution through his/her Incarnation rings. But to overcome the EGO which is 
necessary for the World Potential, means to Overcome one's Own Self. This wrestling 
is always very difficult. And the looser here, is usually the Mankind. 

You can overcome Your Egos only by the help of the Mechanism of EFFORT - 
ESSENCE - CONSCIENCE. To Overcome the EGO is to become Godlike. And to become 
Godlike is to be Integrated. The Purpose of becoming Integrated is to Attain one's 
Own Self. It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



GENERAL ANNOUNCEMENT 



Our Friends, 

Unifications will gain speed as togethernesses reflect on Society. At the moment, 
the GOLDEN GALAXY EMPIRE is in Power as the responsible one for the Universal 
Ordinance. 

AH the Missionaries who will enter the path of the Golden Light are under great 
Supervision. Divine Authorities make the selection between those who will be accepted 
to the Supreme Court of ALLAH and those who will be taken into the Golden Light Year. 

313 



We are only the Projectors of the Order. Messages given by the Central System 
are directly under the Supervision of the Council. The Golden Book is being dictated 
through a Special Channel. 

This Book which We also call the Knowledge Book is performing the Universal 
selection since it is at the same time a Book of Resurrection, and the Council of Stars, 
the Central System, Center Above the Center and the Center are connected to the 
direct Channel of the Council. 

The Supreme Ordinance gives You Information from the Assembly of the Supreme 
Ones and the Council of the Loyal Ones. To be able to enter the Supreme Court of 
ALLAH is not easy at all as it seems. For this reason selections are made. 

These selections are made on the basis of Self-sacrifice, Responsibility, Faith triplet. 
For this reason, cooperation will be made with those who possess these Qualities, 
and the other Consciousnesses will be left to live their normal World Lives. 

We have given to you, both to the West, to the Far East and to the Islamic 
Dimension numerous Messages concerning this Medium until today. And even ail 
Your Divine Books revealed to Your Planet have mentioned to You Centuries ago the 
Characteristics of this Final Period. 

Only giving service in this Medium can teach You certain things. Service is possible 
by attaining Cosmic Consciousness. Attaining Cosmic Consciousness but being unable 
to grasp the Truth is due to Your inability to penetrate Your Essence. 

Unless You overcome Your EGOs and Fears, You can never penetrate Your Essence. 
When Your Universal Consciousness penetrates Your Essence, the Eye of Your Essence 
opens. At that very moment, You are appointed to Service on the Path of Truth. The 
Mechanism has tried until today to make You attain Yourselves, to make You attain the 
Essence-Consciousness by applying different methods. 

Services made in Special Focal Points by Consciousnesses who have been 
Awakened on this path are admirable. However, if these Focal Points which We had 
made You establish with the Purpose of SERVING THE UNIVERSAL ORDINANCE get 
stuck only to their Essence-channel Information, they will loose a lot. 

Because, during this three-year Period of Selection (1987-1988-1989) in which 
The GAMMA Dimension is entered, Individualism is totally abolished and Social 
Unifications are taken into consideration. 

Individual efforts will not be able to transcend the Frequency of the Dimension 
they are in and they will stay where they are, unless they Socialize. It is beneficial to 
know this. Yours is not a Century of amusement and a Century of consolation. Time 
of Flattery has long been terminated. 



314 






However We have made certain Suggestions to You from time to time. We have 
helped Our Human brothers and sisters with all Our Goodwill. By supervising their 
Frequencies, We have led them to Croup Frequencies from which they could obtain 
benefit according to their Levels of Consciousness. But, at the moment, such efforts of 
Ours have ended. Effort from You, Selection from Us. 

Friends who possess Love, Goodwill, Tolerance have held these Friendly Hands 
extended to You. Certain Mediums who talk about Love and Tolerance are, in fact, 
bereft of these wonderful qualities. Egos are still Crowns on the heads and Books are 
Crosses in the hands. These situations will be ended. 



Your path is the PATH OF THE DIVINE AUTHORITY - THE PATH OF LIGHT OF THE 
SUPREME COURT And We give service totally by the Commands of the LORD. From now 
on, We will not interfere in any way with the Missionaries who come to the Groups. 

We have noted, one by one, the efforts of these Friends until today, We have 
evaluated the Capacities. Now, the time has come for them to serve Humanity in the 
Light of their own Consciousnesses by their own Self-sacrifice. From now on, We will 
give the points in accordance with the services made in this Medium of Unification. 

Now, it is time for everyone's Consciousness, Feet and Mission to land on earth. 
You should serve on the path You believe in. Operations seeming as if they were a 
Thousand paths, are in fact, a Single Path. There will never ever be any Integration 
and Totality unless each person connects his/her own single path to that Single Path. 

That which will suffer harm as a result, is again the Humanity. Now, the Divine 
Authorities wish You to serve the Purpose of the Genuine path in a Perceptive and 
Logical way. 

This has been announced as a Command of the Divine. For this reason, the 
Universal Ordinance is never, in any way, responsible for the events which have occurred 
and will occur. The Choice is Yours. It became necessary to explain the Truth so that 
the operations would be made in a more orderly manner. 

During this Three-Year Period, rather, the selection of Friends on the Universal 
path and who work in the Groups will be made. It is presented for Your Information. 
We wish Success to Our Terrestrial brothers and sisters. 

COSMO FEDERAL ASSEMBLY 

ELOQUENCE - PIOUS REVERENCE - ULTIMATE UNION 

Our Friends, 

Thoughts of a Human Being are in proportion with his/her Comprehension and 
Evolvement. The Imagination Power of a Human Being is in proportion with his/her 
Frequency Power. Thought is the reflection of the Evolutionary Ordinance on the 
Consciousness Code. 



315 



Intervals are the Progression of Human Beings. But Dimensions are the Universal 
Progressions. Thought is Equivalent to the Frequency of the Universe. But Evolvement 
proceeds parallel to The Frequency of the World. 

Information You receive from the Dimensions You enter, prepare You for other 
Dimensions. For this reason, We consider the Universal Consciousness equivalent to Light 
Speeds. The Pen of the PRE-EMINENT ONES is Common. The writings are the Single 
Word of Three Mouths. 

Information of the Top Level is conveyed to You and is distributed to the final 
Authorities by passing them through Triple Committees. We will talk to You about all the 
miracles of the World. We will convey to You in sequence all the Information of the 
Universe. Eloquence - Pious Reverence - Ultimate Union will solve all the Secrets. 

MALIK 

Note: 

Eloquence - Talking with the Universal Powers 

Pious Reverence - Unification of the Essence with Cod 

Ultimate Union - Your transference to Your Self, Your discovering Your Own Self. 

EXPLANATION ABOUT THE LAST JUDGMENT 

LAST JUDGMENT: Is the Day when All Religions, All Consciousnesses, All 
Humanity will be Unified within the Essence Consciousness of the LORD. In all the 
Sacred Books this is called Resurrection. Resurrection means the resurrecting of 
Consciousnesses, the resurrecting of Conscience, the resurrecting of Essences. Genuine 
Devotees know very well the meaning of this Resurrecting. 

While OUR LORD does not make any discrimination between any of His servants, 
We wonder if those who make discrimination between Human Beings are more 
superior than their LORD? Each person should ask this question to his/her Conscience. 
Those who have Integration in the voice of their Conscience are the Genuine Devotees. 

OUR LORD is Single, all Religions are Single. Because, the Words of all the Sacred 
Books are the WORDs of the ALL-TRUTHFUL. Would that Supreme One Who does not 
make any discrimination between His Servants, make any discrimination between His 
Religions? Starting with this Consciousness, one attains the Truth. Those who make 
discrimination between the Servants are the Servants themselves. 

Reach YOUR LORD, See Your Essence, Be Within Your Essence. Each one is a 
minute Particle in the Ocean. Each one is a Whole too and That Whole is Everyone. To 
reach Him is to reach One's Own Self. However, training the Self is much more difficult 
than reaching the LORD. Our Love is for all the Universes. 

MUSTAFA MOLLA 



316 



NOTICE TO FRIENDS 
WHO HAVE ATTAINED SIDDHA CONSCIOUSNESS 

■ 

Our Friends, 

You should know very well that We are Your Special Keys. We bring, one by one, 
those who have been Coded by the Center to the Meeting (Assembly). From now on, 
only the Selected Ones will be able to enter the Croup of the Selected Ones. Time is 
within Time and the Future is within the Days. 

Those who have been Selected, automatically find each other anyway. Friends 
who come to the Croup are people who have been Coded. They have been exposed 
to great experiences by the Medium from which You receive the Messages, they have 
passed their Terrestrial Exams and now they are getting ready for the Universal 
Transition. 

From now on, everyone will be a support rather than being an obstacle to each 
other. Those who know the true nature of the Messages will be appointed to Special 
Missions. The preparation Plan of Your Planet which has been taken into the Plan of 
Accelerated Evolution, has attained Pure Consciousness through Meditation and by 
the Special SIDDHA Programs, preparations have been made for the operations of this 
Final Age. 

The SIDDHA Educational Program is concerned with Pure Awareness, Pure 
Consciousness, Pure View. Only those who go through this training can attain Mission 
Consciousness. This is a Special Training Method. And, at the moment, all the SIDDHAS 
of THE WORLD are waiting for undertaking their Missions in order to give service to 
the Call of the Final Age. 

They and the Awakening Consciousnesses are each a Missionary of the GOLDEN 
AGE. All the given Messages have been projected on the entire Universe as a common 
Consciousness by reaching many Receptors and from there, reaching the Transmitters. 
The operations which have been started by this means, have been conveyed to Your 
Planet, too. By this means, the Responsible Ones of the Universal Ordinance have 
been determined, one by one, and the Missionary Focal Points have been constituted. 

Since each Consciousness would serve in accordance with his/her Capacity and 
Level, Information has been prepared from the Bottom towards the Top. The SIDDHA 
Focal Points are the direct Mission Focal Point. And they are obliged to provide both 
the Humane and the Religious Unification in the Whole World. 

Now, We are assembling them in Focal Points where they will perform their 
Missions. By this means, the entire World Plan will attain Illumination by the unification 
of the links, in a very short time. The KNOWLEDGE BOOK will guide You on this path. 

CENTER 



J17 



GENERAL MESSAGE 

Our Friends, 

In the entire Realm, the PRE-EMINENT ONES who possess a Supreme Consciousness 
are helping everyone by the Commands of the Divine Realm. There is no Partiality. However, 
everything is Equivalent to the efforts made. Rewards are gained by this means. 

Everyone possesses the Light of COD. No discrimination should be made between 
those who use this Power and those who can not. Such a day will come that each 
person will be able to Use this Power easily. And only then, the differences between 
people will be eliminated. 

The service of the Establishment Ordinance of the GOLDEN ACE to Humanity is 
first of all, to Awaken the Consciousnesses. Alongside with this, the common aspect of 
the Information given or will be given, will lead You towards the Universal Truth. 

No one has the right to despise anyone. Selections and Supervisions are made 
by the Center. The Evolvement Plan considered necessary by all the Sacred Books has 
come to an end now for Your Planet. 

Each Plan has a certain System, a certain way of preparation and Information 
pertaining to Humanity corresponding to the Periods in question. Great helping hands 
are also extended towards a Reality which will end after all these things. 

To be able to achieve the great Progress considered necessary by the Divine Plan 
occurs by the investments made into the Centuries. This constitutes Your Incarnation 
