TURKEY OF ATATURK is a Country charged with Duty. It is an Element of Equilibrium in 

the Universal Totality. 

ATATURK is a Light- Friend of Ours who had been sent from the Skies to put the 
first Phase of Application of a Program prepared 6000 years ago into application and 
to kindle the First Universal Light of Your Planet. 

He is the Messenger of Our ALLAH. All Prophets are the Messengers of OUR 
ALLAH. And all Our Friends who offer Service on this Path of Universal Light of OUR 
ALLAH are the Messengers of ALLAH. 

S09 



During the schedule of coming from Micro to Macro, in each Period in which 
the Integrated Human Consciousness is trained, a Beloved One of God whose Duty is 
to Enlighten in accordance with the Social Views, is sent to Your Planet. 

Since the Direct Mission they have taken is an Applicatory Mission, they were 
given the attributes, the Light-Friend and the Messenger of ALLAH. 

During their Periods, each Light-Friend has rendered the Mission allotted to him 
with Great Self Sacrifice. The System - Ordinance - Order Triplet has always been with 
them. This Totality is ALLAH'S Essence-Staff Totality. 

Each Period has Programs peculiar to itself. However, appropriating to only a 
single Program and remaining fixed to it will never bring Humanity to the Dimension 
of Light. In the Missions rendered, the Evolution and the Individual Consciousness of 
a Human Being is very important. 

The Direct System of ALLAH has extended its helping hand during this Final Age 
towards Your Planet to be subjected to a lot of wasted time in case the interpretations 
are made in accordance with the Individual Consciousnesses. 

This System always backs Humanity up during each Preparatory Period. During 
the Periods in which the Sacred Books had been revealed, We had always taken Our 
places, as the Order Establishing Mechanism of OUR ALLAH, behind Our Light-Friends 
MOSES - JESUS CHRIST - MOHAMMED during the applied phase. 

Missionary TURKEY is a Country of Light which has bestowed the First Reformic 
Order on Your Planet. For this reason We always address this Country as the "TURKEY 
of ATATURK". And We consider this Totality as such. 

The Preparatory Program made parallel to the changing conditions of changing 
times has been actually rendered effective since the beginning of Your Century. 

The one who has kindled the First Light of this Reformic Age is ATATURK. TURKEY 
which has also acted as a Bridge in each Period due to its geographic situation, is a 
Country directly connected to the System. 

For this reason first Us and then the entire Ordinance of the Cosmoses are Grateful 
to Dear Mevlana who has given Us the opportunity to be able to talk to You directly by 
the Channel of the KNOWLEDGE BOOK which is bestowed on Your Planet, 

While DESCARTES was kindling the Consciousnesses by only the light of a single 
match, Dear Mevlana has kindled Millions of Candles until today, However now, 
during this Period she has conveyed to You the (Light of That Supreme Bulb of ALLAH) 
through the Cord of the KNOWLEDGE BOOK by pushing a single button. This is the 
very reason why We are grateful to her. 



SKI 



Dear Mevlana who is a member of the Missionary Staff of the Universal Unification, 
had especially set foot on the World in the Turkey of ATATURK, in His Reformic Totality. 
This has two reasons. First, Our Friend is the Direct Spokesperson of the Reality of the 
Unified Humanity and the Second is that, at the moment the vertical projection of the 
Channel of ALPHA is on the Turkey of ATATURK. 

You know, it has been mentioned before, All Your Sacred Books had been 
bestowed on Your Planet through this Channel of ALPHA. Once, the vertical projection 
of this Channel of ALPHA was comprising Egypt. Later, during the processes of time, 
this Channel had moved towards North and thus, had taken in the Arabic Peninsula 
as vertical projection. 

And now, its vertical projection is completely on the ANATOLIAN Totality of the 
Turkey of ATATURK (Your Planet's rotational period around its axis has caused the 
Channel to move towards North during the processes of time. Because, the Channel 
of ALPHA is a Fixed Source and Channel). It is presented for Your Information. 



SYSTEM 



EXPLANATION 



Our Friends, 

The Magnetic Field Layers which had formed by the Unification of everything 
within a Totality, have brought into existence, the different Dimensions in accordance 
with the different Levels of Frequency and Consciousness. These Dimensions are 
different Magnetic Fields formed by intense Energy Saturations. 

In accordance with the Ordinance of Existence, each Existing Totality, (including 
the Entire Creation), forms a Magnetic Scale according to its Own Totality. 

For example, there are Magnetic Fields o f Plants - Trees - Flowers - Wolves - Birds 
- Stone - Earth, in short, of everything carrying Energy, formed in accordance with its 
own Frequency Power. 

However, since Human Consciousness receives Signals from the very superior 
Dimensions of these Magnetic Field Scales, he/she can not get in touch with these 
Scales (Exceptions excluded). Animal and Plant Perceptions are more Subtle. And 
they feel everything through the Magma. 

Cosmic Influences first affect the Stone - Earth, later, the Magma. The first Subtle 
vibrations of the Magma are received by the Creation We have named above. But 
since Human Consciousness is connected to Cosmic Influences, its Perceptions are 
connected to the Mechanism of Influences. 

The Alpha Magnetic Platform is a fixed Aura. And all the Unified Fields are being 
formed under the Roof of this Aura. Let Us explain this by an Example so that it is 
understood properly: 



811 



Imagine an umbrella. Let the upper cloth of the umbrella be the Alpha Magnetic 
Field. And the handle of the Umbrella is the Channel of Alpha and the steels holding 
that umbrella are the Unified Fields. The handle of the umbrella constituting the 
Channel of Alpha is a Single Channel piercing the Alpha Magnetic Field and opens to 
the Infinite Consciousness. 

This is the very reason why all the Suggestions of ALLAH have been given through 
this Channel until today. The diameter of this Channel of Alpha expands or contracts 
in accordance with the field in which it will perform Mission in each Period. 

The diameter of the Channel of Alpha during the Period of MOSES had been 
covering a little wider than the field of the Pyramids and the Nile in Egypt. During the 
Period of JESUS CHRIST and MOHAMMED, this circle had covered a very wide field of 
center of the North section of the Arabic Peninsula. 

And now, the circular vertical projection of the Channel of Alpha covers the 
Anatolian Totality of the Turkey of ATATURK. This is the very reason why the Turkey of 
ATATURK is a Country charged with Duty. And the KNOWLEDGE BOOK is being dictated 
in Turkey for this very reason. 

In accordance with the 1 900 Accelerated Program of Evolution, each Country in 
Your Planet and each Individual who lives there is charged with Duty by the Reality, 
Positively or Negatively, in accordance with his/her own Consciousness Platform. 



Exams of each Totality who is charged with Duty are surely intense, 
overcoming them Consciously will always prepare the Happy Morrows. 



However, 



At the moment, Your Planet is going through the Universal Cosmic Exam of the 
Last Cycle, with its entire Staff, both Family-wise and Socially and as a Mass. That 
which will profit from this is Humanity. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 

THE SACRED LIGHT 
(Answer to the chains of Thought) 

Our Friends, 

The Sacred Light is the Single Focal Point in which all Totalities in the framework 
of the Dimension of Truth Converge. 

This Sacred Light Center guides the Administrative Mechanisms of all Totalities 
within the Dimension of Truth which is the boundary of a Totality of the ALL-TRUTHFUL 
And all supervisions are administered by this Center. 

The Final Exit Connection Channel of the Omega Channel is opened to the Path of 
the Sacred Light. And calculations beyond this channel are, from then on, evaluated in 
accordance with Sacred Light Years. 



812 



Sacred Light Years are completely under the supervision of the Lordly Plan. But the 
Path of the Golden Light is the Path of the Spiritual Plan. All calculations made in the Path 
of the Sacred Light gain value in accordance with the Golden Light Years and thus, they 
are also called Sacred Light Years. 

The 9 Light Layers of Omega are the Spiritual Plan. And this is the 8th Dimension 
of the Evolutionary System, The Entrance Gate of the Lordly Plan begins from the Final 
Exit Gate of the Omega Channel. This Dimension is called the Lordly Dimension. And 
it is the 9th Dimension. 

Calculations here are arranged in accordance with Golden Light Years. This is 
the reason why the Omega 9 Channel which is the Final Exit Gate of the Omega 
Channel is called the "Path of the Golden Light" and the "Golden Light Year". 

Calculations made until the Path of the Sacred Light are Light Speeds - Light 
Years - Micron Speeds - Micron Years in sequence. These Micron Years are prepared 
by accepting the Light speeds as criteria. 

All the calculations after this are completely changed after the Path of the Sacred 
Light. There is no concept of Time in these calculations. They gain value in accordance 
with Golden Light Years. 

Let Us sum up the Information a little more, so that the matter can be grasped 
better. Calculations of Solar Systems and Galactic Dimensions are calculated by Light 
Years. However, Totalistic calculations of Solar Totalities are subject to Micron Speeds 
and Micron Years. 

The exit of the Spiritual Plan and the Entrance of the Lordly Plan is the Path of the 
Sacred Light. Calculations after this, are evaluated in accordance with the Golden Light 
Years. They are also called the Sacred Light Years. It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

There are different Totalities formed way beyond Dimensions of Coding. During 
the Transitions from these Totalities to other Totalities, the Energy Fields We have 
mentioned to You are transformed to Color Scales. 

However, from these Dimensions of Color, one passes to the Power Energy Fields 
and the colors here are quite different. This means that here, Sound - Color - Light are 
a Totalistic Power. 

The color of the First Scale of this Dimension gives Dark PURPLE. Later, one opens 
to BLACK. Distribution is made from here to all the color Scales within Black. It is 
presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



813 



UNIVERSAL CALCULATION SCALES 

Our Friends, 

Calculations of Light speeds and Light years made at the Dimensions beyond 
time are calculated as Micron speeds and Micron years. And these calculations comprise 
all facts beyond Consciousness. 

Speed Units of Light speeds are evaluated in accordance with the measurements 
of Light years after certain Dimension Mediums (The boundary at which the Brain 
Power takes Thought under supervision). And these calculations are mostly used at 
Galactic Dimension Measurements. 

Even though there are no Time Units in facts beyond Time, measurements there 
are evaluated by Micron Speeds, since these Mediums, too, are divided into Dimension 
Scales peculiar to themselves. These Micron Speeds gain value as Micron Years in 
more advanced Scales. 

These calculations are preparations of Dimensions of Timelessness, made 
according to known Time measurements and the criterion here has been considered 
as Dimensions of Time. And by this way Micron Speed Units have been attained. 
However at the moment, Your Planet is closed to calculations beyond Light Years. 

And calculations of these Micron Speed Units, eventhough the criterion is the 
Light Speeds, results taken in the calculations made are evaluated in a completely 
different way. However, these evaluations are the most correct Indexes. It is presented 
for Your Information (It is an answer to Thoughts). 



CENTER 



ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

The Knowledge Book prepares Humanity for the Lordly Dimension from the 9th 
Omega Energy Dimension. This is the reason why the final Energy Dimension which is 
the Exit Gate of Omega is called the Path of the Golden Light and the Golden Light Year. 

In fact, the calculations of Golden Light Year comprise the very advanced Plans 
of the Lordly Dimension. Even though the Final Exit Channel of Omega opens to the 
Path of the Sacred Light, this name is used before the Path of the Sacred Light, since 
the end of this Path is calculated by the Golden Light Years and since it follows the 
path of the Golden Light. 

The Year and the Path of the Sacred Light is a chart belonging to the Lordly Plan. 
Calculations beyond the Lordly Dimension are calculations belonging to the Path of 
the Golden Light. However, all of them are used as a Total. All Universal Programs are 
an operational Totality parallel to the Laws of the 1 8 Systems. It is presented for Your 
Information. 

CENTER 



814 



CHAIN OF LAWS 

Our Friends, 

Service in accordance with the System's views since the First Existence until today 
is a chain of Laws. Nothing is out of control in the Universal Totality. 

Even the occurrence of the Atomic structure, the style of functioning of the chain 
of Cosmoses, Blooming of a Flower, Raining, Annihilation and coming into Existence 
of an Entity are considered Natural according to certain Thoughts, in fact, all of them 
are a Chain of Laws. 

These Laws are such laws that they have never occurred by themselves, but 
everything has been formed parallel to conditions of Life. 

If We leave a Baby by his/her own Self in a forest the moment he/she is Born, 
(even if he/she has attained Consciousness through his/her Incarnation chains 
previously and even if his/her Gene Program has been prepared according to the 
chain of Laws), he/she can never open his/her Program Ciphers unless he/she enters 
the influence field of Education and Visual Information. 

Even though the chain of Laws has numerous branches, the Actual Issuing point 
of the Source are Two Branches. One of them is the Natural path, the Second is the 

Evolutionary and the Educational path. 

Both of them are present in each Entity in accordance with its Consciousness 
Progress. One of them is connected to Your Life Cipher, the other, to Your Consciousness 
Cipher. However, Keys which will unlock those Ciphers are different. 

The Natural path is the First Key of Your Life Cipher. This Lock is broken by 
Natural Influences. And these influences are received Instinctively. The second branch 
goes through the Evolutionary and the Educational path. This is directed by the 
Mechanism of Influences. And is received through the Brain. 

The First Cipher Code of the Brain is broken by Influences of Thought. Your Brain 
Generator is operated only by this means. And this is rendered Effective by the Influence 
field of the initial Social Totality, that is, of the Family 

We have said that the unlocking of the Ciphers occurs through the Natural and 
the Educational path. Let Us disclose this a little more, Life Cipher is Natural. And it 
is Instinctive. This renders a gradual Progress Naturally towards its own direction 
during the processes of time. 

However, only the Evolutionary Rules have rendered the Human Being, the 
Human Being of today. And the Human Being has started soaring towards the most 
perfect by unlocking its Universal Ciphers on this path. The first march on this path 
occurs initially by Learning of God - Science of God - Laws of God. 



815 



As You investigate the root of the words told to You in Sacred Books as You try to 
solve Your Own Selves, You uncover, one by one, the covers of Ciphers present in You 
in a locked fashion. This makes You attain an Evolutionary aptitude. 

If You have attained the Dimension Consciousness of very advanced Incarnations, 
then You attain the Realization that You have gained Your Free Will by first going 
through a chain of Laws of Nature. 

Only a Consciousness who can Discipline himself/herself Deserves his/her Free 
Will. Natural Free Will is Primitive and Instinctive. One starts on Evolution by this 
means. Later, one treads the Path of God. 

A Person who Transcends himself/herself is a Cod himself/herself from then on. 
And from then on, he/she Integrates with his/her Natural Cod. Then, his/her God is 
his/her Free Will, his/her Love, his/her Adoration. 

In order to reach this God, it is necessary to reach Evolutionary Laws, first by 
starting with Natural Laws, to soar up towards Advanced Dimensions in accordance 
with the comprehensive Capacity of the Brain, to open wings, to fly, to rise, to 
Understand and to Know everything profoundly. 

This is the chain of Laws of a Life. Those who have not yet treaded these paths 
will never be able to grasp either God or their Own Consciousness Essence. It is 
presented for Your Information. 



SYSTEM 



IT IS MESSAGE FROM THE LORD OF THE REALMS 



The Order commanding the Ordinance of all Realms is a Totality reaching the 
Infinite even beyond infinity. This Totality has never established its own Order. This 
Order had been induced to be established by the Unknown Ones. 

Humanity which is in the position of being the Threshold of a very Advanced 
Technology developed by the Unknown Residents of Unknown Suns, would, sooner 
or later, discover one day, the Secret of the Cosmos. 

However, since it was necessary that the Human Being who becomes aware of 
this Secret should be Disciplined, the Theory of Evolution had been brought forward. 
And a Billion-Century Program had been rendered Effective in order to attain the Human 
Being of today. 

The Human Being is a Body for You. However, for Us, he/she is a Consciousness. 
We do not consider the Human Being who can not take his/her Consciousness under 
control, as a Human Being. 



816 



A tableau exhibited at all the Ordinances of Cosmoses is being exhibited also for 
You. The Human Being who has Deserved to enter the Ordinance of the Realms by 
experiencing everything both by its Good and Bad aspects, is only then (the Possession 
of Universes, The State of the Heavens). 

Each Human Being is a Biological Totality with each Body he/she uses in each 
Dimension he/she is in. If We speak by the Language of the Medium You are in, he/ 
she is a Biological Robot. 

However, this Robot discovers both Itself and Its Essence-Self while It serves the 

Ordinance of Cosmoses. This Discovery is the discovery of Universes - the discovery of 
the Heavens - the discovery of Times beyond Time. 

Speeches of all Civilizations of all times, until the moment You are in, are present as 
Micro Particles in the Void of the Heavens. 

The Consciousness called the Human Being who carries that Body gets further and 
further away from the shore of that tremendous Ocean of Consciousness in proportion 
with the Consciousness he/she attains. And becomes aware of the Secret of an Unknown 
in each stroke. 

At the moment, those which You do not know are those which were known 
formerly. However, each Physical Body is able to collect, one by one, these Micro 
Energy Repliques in accordance with the Power of Consciousness he/she is in. 

Each Human Being is a Secret of the Universe. And everyone who solves himself/ 
herself, also solves the secrets of the Universes - Cosmoses - Heavens - Unknowns, easily. 

Each Human Being is present as an Essence in each Dimension. The Human 
Being who Integrates with that Essence is the property of that Dimension from then 
on. The Integration of a Person with Himself/Herself is this. 

The Brain carried in each Biological Body is a Universal Computer. And the Secrets 
of Universes are solved by means of this Computer. 

Through this Brain, You solve the Secrets, one by one, in proportion with the 
Micro Energy Speeches at each Layer within Heavens, hitting Your Computer. 

Those who Solve the Secrets are the assistants of the Prophets. And the Void of 
the Heavens is the Sea of Trial. (Unless one swims in the Sea of Trial, one can not see 
the assistants of the Prophets, unless one becomes Aware of the Secret, one can not 
reach the face of the All-Truthful). 

All operations, all Efforts are for rendering each Person attain the Next Higher 
Dimension and for them to Integrate with their Own Essence. Evolution is this. 



817 



The Torch of the Essence of whichever Dimension Your Consciousness Light 
kindles, that Essence is Yours from then on. And by this means, You have Files in the 
Micro Archives at the Universal Laboratories present in each Dimension, 

These files are always Card-indexed at the next higher Dimension with the same 
Code number. These are Your very Incarnation chains. 

The day in which the Skies will be opened is near. More Powerful Voices will 
come to You from the Unknowns. And through Your discoveries, many more Unknowns 
will be discovered. 

Your Planet is a Natural Spaceship. In each Dimension it enters, Your 
Consciousness Lights will discover an Unknown. In accordance with the attained 
Consciousness Totality, Secrets of more advanced Technologies will also be given to 
You parallel to Consciousnesses. 

You have intended to discover the Solar System by Rockets. However, You have 
pierced through the Heavens by the Consciousness Lights in Your Biological Bodies. You 
are the Rockets of ALLAH and those which You construct are the Rockets of the World. 

If We had placed the Brains of the Rockets of ALLAH in those who made the 
Rockets of the World, everything would be rendered equal to zero. This is the very 
reason why Evolution Thresholds have been fixed for You. 

Universal Totalities are being extremely fastidious so that the Order of the 
Ordinance of the Cosmoses will not be upset. And to those who will be able to pass 
through this Narrow Gate, the Permission to Enter the places Here is given. 

Here, there is RESPECT FOR THE TOTALITY, there is LOVE, there is DISCIPLINE, 
there is NOT TO GO ASTRAY OF THE WORDS TOLD. This is a Universal Theory. 

The Discipline here is a Method created by the respect and Love of the Human 
Being for the Human Being. Your Sacred Books have been sent to You to deal with 
these themes. The Human Being has no need for form. 

However, first. You start with Formal Worship in order to be able to Discipline 
Yourselves first, and then to be able to attain the ability to attract more advanced 
Cosmics. During the Worship rendered by this means, first, one speaks with the Essence 
at the Next Higher Dimension. This Essence is, at first, the Voice of God. 

When the Consciousness Totality of the Human Being attains this Essence, then 
this Voice becomes the Human Being's "Voice of Essence". Then You speak, by this 
means, with the Next Higher Essence again. At that moment (O) is Your Lord. 

When You come together with Him, too, then You become You again. (This is the 
reason why He says while You talk with Your Lord, "I created You, You created Me"), 

In each Dimension, You talk with Your next Higher Lord. And when You arrive at 
His Consciousness Light, then You come together with Him (Unity is this). Each 
Consciousness who Integrates with Him, is, from then on, (O). 

SIS 



We had said that the final Manifestation Boundary of a Human Being is the Level 
of Perfection. This is the 7th Dimension. The Consciousness who soars up towards 
the Unknowns from that Dimension, Integrates with the Total of each Dimension. The 
wery (swimming in the Sea of Trial) is this. 

While it is swam in this sea, while the Unknown is discovered, You discover 

Yourself, You attain the Truth, You always talk very easily with those who are in each 
Dimension. This means that, from then on You have gained Possession of Your Self. 

Then there is no need to attain the (ESSENCE) in (O)'s Dimension again. Because, 
from then on, whichever Dimension's door You knock on, those Doors will always be 
opened to You. The very (attaining the Consciousness of Truth) is this. 

All these issues are Rights offered to You. However, it is also imperative to Know 
how to be able to receive this Right. These paths are Difficult paths. In the one who 
Transcends these paths, there is no difficulty from then on (And the Path of the Golden 
Light is this). 

Dear fvlevlana, now Humanity is being prepared for this beautiful path by Your 
and Our Mutual Pen. The Reality Unions are My Union. And the Ordinance is My 
Orders and the System is My Firmans*. The One Who conveys My Firmans to the 
Orders is the GREAT ASHOT 

He is My OWN Messenger, My OWN Voice. He is a Powerful Voice. His Voice will 
be My Voice, His Word will be My Word. The One Who will say the Last Word is Him. 

YOUR LORD 
IT IS DIRECT NOTICE OF THE LORD OF THE REALMS 

Those who Organize the Divine Orders of Divine Dimensions are also the 
Organizers of all Ordinances. Events experienced are Plays put on Stage for 
Consciousness Measurements and for Evolutions of People. 

Even though there are Negative Energies in Your Medium who wish to incorporate 
Power into the Medium, no Uncontrolled Energy Power can ever enter the Reality 
Dimension. First of all, everyone should know this. 

Currents sent in the negative direction are returned to that person exactly as it is 
by the Mechanism of the System. Exhibitions of Power are never a Phenomenon 
Tolerated by the System, 

While even that Supreme One Whom We call ALLAH has been Embodied in BETA 
NOVA by concentrating and minimizing His Own tremendous Power, do You feel 
Yourselves more Powerful than Him that You try to influence channel connections? 

We have made You Human Beings, then try to live like a Human Being and 
behave like a Human Being. And Deserve the Esteem We attribute to You. The Message 
has been transferred from the Union of Central Suns. 

* Look at the Glossary. 



819 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

All Systems beyond Macro Totality are the transformation of Micron Form Totalities 
into Macron Forms and the Unification of the Particles of this Dimension are Totalities 
formed way beyond Dimensions of the Totalities of ALLAH which has been introduced 
to You until today. 

If You wish, You can call this Totality ALLAH, too, in accordance with Your 
Consciousness Lights and in accordance with the accustomed Thoughts. However, 
this Totality is not ALLAH. This Message has been given as an answer to the Thoughts 
of Friends who have transcended the habituated Consciousness Light. It is presented 
for Your Information. 



CENTER 



PRIVATE MESSAGE 



Dear Mevlana, 

All Information given to Your Planet are for Sharing not for withholding. Because, 
each Information is a Light for the Human Being of Your Planet. However, disclosing 
Your Private Messages to Society has been left to Your initiative. 

I, Mustafa Molla, am at the Service of very different Mediums of the Dimensions 
of which You are receiving the Announcements at the moment. For this reason We 
have transferred Your Power Channel directly to the System. Apart from this, Your 
Essence-Channel connected to the Dimension of Anxiety is connected directly to Me. 

I have received Your Question: Why are You connected to the Channel of Anxiety? 

Dear Mevlana, the Dimension of Anxiety is a Supreme Tent of OUR ALLAH. The 
Dimension of Pleasure is connected to the Dimension of Suffering. And the Dimension 
of Anxiety is connected to the Dimension of Selection, that is, of Choosing. Each 
button of Anxiety is connected to the Door of a Dimension. These Doors are opened 
by Anxiety Shocks, If You wish, let Us code the word Endise (Anxiety) as an Information. 
Please, write the letters, one by one: E. N. D. i. 5- E. 

E = Evrenin (Universe's) N - Nuru (Divine Light) D = Dunyantn (of the World) 
i = insanma (to the Human Being) E$ = E§tir (is equivalent to) The Divine Light of 
the Universe is equivalent to the Human Being of the World. 

The very Frequency of Anxiety is connected directly to this DIVINE LIGHT s Essence 
Key. This Gate of the DIVINE LIGHT is closed to those who are at the World 
Consciousness. For this gate, one has to pass through the Channels of, first, CURIOSITY, 
then, INVESTIGATION, still later, DOUBT and thus, the Learning of Truth is attained. 



820 



u 



mtm 



And the Channel of the Learning of Truth is opened to the GATE OF HAPPINESS. 
And the Door-Knocker of this Gate of Happiness is ANXIETY. This is the very reason 
why the Spirit of the Human Being knocks on the Door-Knocker of this Gate in 
proportion with its suffering. Serenity of the World leads one to Pleasure rather than 
to Enthusiasm. And Pleasure induces one to go to Sleep. But the Shocks Awakening 
him/her, lead him/her to the Genuine Enthusiasm during the processes of time. 

The first Announcement of the Gate of Enthusiasm is the Key of the Universe. 
And the First Code Cipher of this Key is COME - COME - COME. You have always been 
the one who gave this Announcement in each Period, Dear Mevlana. 

Let us cease Our Message here. Let Us Come Together in the Hearts of the 
Loving Ones. Let Us reach the Divine Light of the Divine Order. Let Us Radiate Our 
Lights of Heart for Ever. May Your Beautiful Heart be filled with Divine Light, may every 
Word and every Breath of Yours be conquered by Human Beings, may they reach the 
Realms. I entrust You to My Lord. 



MUSTAFA MOLLA 



IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION 



Our Friends, 

Humanity always carrying a Potential to be able to receive the Information given 
by the Supreme Court of ALLAH, will, from now on, make their own selections in 
accordance with their Own Terrestrial Views. 

By this means, everyone's Essence-Consciousness will be openly exhibited and 
thus, Humanity will get to know one another more closely. The System has rendered 
this operational Ordinance effective for Consciousnesses who can not free themselves 
from the vicious circle of their Individual Consciousnesses. 

The System is not responsible any more for the Negative actions exhibited. This 
year is a year of Exams for all the Human Beings and Totalities in all the sections of 
Your Planet who serve on this path of Light. 

These operations rendered for making the Human Beings of Your Planet Attain 
Perfection are a Triumph of Humanity which will attain the Consciousness of Truth. 

During Missions to be rendered by Humanity which will tread the path of Truth 
in accordance with the Missions given to them, it is imperative to approach the Friends 
by feeling of Respect and Love. 

If the Human Attribute is attained, one can never declare a Person guilty in the 
face of Negativities observed. This is obliged to be solved in accordance with a Common 
Consciousness. 



If You encounter undesired events in the person You deal with, the way of solving 
this is not by Individuality. In such Circumstances, it is imperative to Unite by a Conscious 
Totality in the same Coordinate. 



821 



All Associations established in Your Planet are present for this very reason. 
Administrative and Hierarchical Procedure is present for this reason. 

Individual attempts are always an Element of Provocation. And to the Person 
who can not Discipline these behaviors of his/hers, these actions he/she renders in 
accordance with his/her Views are projected back to themselves by the Automatism of 
the System. 

Respect for the Human Being is respect for ALLAH and for the Totality. Your 
Planet is dragged towards very difficult and Negative Conditions due to the 
Unevolvedness of the Human Being of Your Planet which is going through the Period 
of Resurrection at the moment. 

During this Period of Transition, a System projected on the entire Ordinance of 
the Cosmoses is also applied on Your Planet. This is a Phenomenon concerning the 
attainment of the Awareness of the entire Ordinance in Your Planet. 

The Mission of Friends of the Divine Plan who serve under the supervision of the 
Administrative Plans is to take everyone under Protection. For this reason there is an 
extra -ordinary work being done at the Plan. However, at the moment, Your entire life 
Tableau is observed and controlled by the System. 

The applied field of an Order Establishing Plan helps the System on this path. 
Evil Intentions - Ego - Jealousy - Avarice are outside the Mediums for which We Serve. 
Those who still possess these Formations are outside the System. 

Financial Reinforcements made during the operations rendered in every section 
of Your Planet are Points of Opulence of Heart and Self Sacrifice of the Person in 
question. To run after and follow the given thing is a Phenomenon originating from 
the Immaturity of the Individual Consciousness of the Person in question. 

For now, such Consciousnesses have no place in this operational Ordinance of 
the System until they Mature. 

Our Justice does not resemble the justice of the World. Desert Law is Never 
applied on a Conscious Human Being. That Human Being is Addressed by Beauties 
which are the Words of ALLAH. However, Maturity and Beauties are expected of that 
Human Being, too. 

Firman is not given to everyone. Firman is a Right given only to People who 
Integrate by Love, who do not hurt each other, who Trust one another as if the other 
Person is Himself/ Herself, who Attains the Consciousness of the path he/she treads 
and who Realizes that he/she is only a Dust of that path. It is presented for Your 
Information. 

SYSTEM 



822 



■ 



EXPLANATION ABOUT THE GOLDEN AGE 

Our Friends, 

The Golden Age is a Program to be rendered effective in the desired Level in the 
23rd Century. Your Planet is obliged to go through two more Cosmic Ages until it 
arrives at this Period. Because, it is not easy at all for Consciousnesses who have 
become deeply-rooted until today to break their chains and to grasp the Truth. 

For this reason Your Planet still needs time. The first thing required of Humanity 
which will lay the foundations of the World State to be created by a Brotherly/Sisterly 
World Totality is the Unification of Consciousnesses who have been divided by Religious 
discriminations. 

Since the Consciousness - Love - Himself of (THAT SUPREME ONE) Whom You evaluate 
as ALLAH is Single, then His Sacred Books which are (His Words) are also Single. 

In future years, all these Suggestions will be offered to Humanity as a SINGLE 
Book. Now, since the Period of Sacred Texts have come to an end, from now on, all 
the Truths will be projected on Humanity through Science and Learning. 

The Golden Age will be, during the Morrows, the Heralder of a Medium in which 
Happy People will live in a Brotherly/Sisterly World Totality and which will shed Light 
on You in accordance with the SINGLE GOD - SINGLE ORDER - SINGLE SYSTEM - SINGLE 
BOOK. 

However, until You arrive at the Golden Age which has been yearned for, there 
are more Thresholds Your Planet will Transcend. For this reason Three Cosmic Ages 
have been given for Your Planet. Each Cosmic Age comprises a CENTURY. Your first 
Cosmic Age had been rendered effective by the 1900 Accelerated Evolution Program 
and is about to complete its Program. 

The Second Cosmic Age comprises the 21 st Century, and the Third Cosmic Age 
includes the 22nd Century. The Beginning date of the desired Golden Age will start 
with the 23rd Century and will include a Period of 7 Centuries. 



There are (5) Scales in the Preparatory Program of the Golden Age. 
comprises an Age. Now, let Us write them in sequence: 



Each Scale 



1 - 


The Preparatory Age 


2- 


The Awakening Age 


3- 


The New Age 



: This Age comprises the Period of Sacred Books. 

: This is the Dimension of Transition You are still going 
through and the Period Called RESURRECTION which 
has been declared to You in the Sacred Books until today. 

: Two Cosmic Ages will experience this Period. Here, You 
will go beyond the Periods to which You have been 
habituated and thus, the Period of Attaining the 
Unknown - Working - Researching - Reaching Realization 
will become effective. 



823 



The Golden Age 



5 - The Age of Light 



This Age comprises the life of a Period of 7 Centuries 
after the 23rd Century. During this Period, direct 
Realization of Universal Awareness and Unification will 
be rendered in accordance with Unity and Totality and 
thus, You will witness the presence of a Mechanism - 
System - Godly Order - Reality not yet understood in 
Your Planet, but which We try to introduce and thus, 
You will open wings Consciously towards the Unknowns. 

This Age which will become effective after the 30th 
Century is called the Age of Light. There, from then on, 
directly the Order of ALLAH is in Effect. Humanity 
prepared on this path until today, will, from then on, 
take their places Effectively as directly the System's 
Essence Staff Members. The Reality of the Unified 
Humanity will become Ineffective after this Period and 
will transfer all its authority to the Order of ALLAH. 



The 30th Century is the beginning of a very beautiful and different Age and is 
the First Step of the Age of Light. This Age will include a Period comprising 9 Centuries. 
The Humanity of this very moment will be the Human Being of these lengthy Periods. 

This is the very reason why Your Planet goes through a Cosmic Progress together 
with the Medium to which it belongs as a preparation for these days. By this Program 
of Progress, the Social Consciousness of Your Planet is being Awakened as a Mass 
according to Capacities. 

These Awakenings are a preparation for the Golden Age. Your Mediamic Age 
has been started by the Celestial Information given to channels opened according to 
degrees of Awakening. And now, by these means, all Truths are conveyed to Humanity 
in all clarity. 

Time is extremely Scarce, Conditions Strenuous. This Period is the Harvesting 
Period of the Seeds sown Centuries ago. The Golden Age expected for Centuries will 
be established by a new Order. It is presented for Your Information. 



SYSTEM 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

To be able to embrace the Divine Waves besides the Scales of Awareness the 
Integrated Consciousnesses will attain is not an easy thing at all. If We consider the 
criterion of Totality of a Person, it is imperative that, that Person should be able to 
Integrate with the Spirit of Nature. 

Each Totality has Languages and Spirits peculiar to itself. Consciousnesses who 
can dive into the Spirit of that Totality can be Integrated with the entire Creation, that 
is, with the Spirit of Nature and thus, can also hear their Languages and can speak 
with them. (Like speaking with Animals - with Flowers). 

824 



The Single Language of Nature is Love. 

The Single Language of Realms is Evolution. 

The Single Language of ALLAH is the Human Being. 

The Language of Love is a Vibration. Natural Love Integrates with this Vibration. But 
Divine Love is an Evolutionary Love, Afterwards comes Conscious Love and this very 
Love Unites with Realization and Embraces the Total. 

The entire Creation is in the Effort of Embracing this Total as a result of the 
Evolutions it makes in its Constitution. Those who can read the Language of Nature 
can observe that even Stone and Soil Serve for and Prostrate to this Total. It is presented 
for Your Information. 

CENTER 

EXPLANATION ABOUT THE CONSTITUTION 
OF THE UNIVERSE 

Our friends, 

The operational Ordinance the System considers necessary, is an operation 
dependent on the measurement Unit of Your Evolutionary Consciousness. This Message 
is being given as an answer to the Chains of Thought. 

The First Fascicule of the Knowledge Book is a Totality comprising the Law of the 
Universe. In fact, the Constitution of the Universe is a Total together with the Ten 
Commandments. And the total of them all are 156 Articles. The numerical excess 
resulting from the addition of an Article to this Totality is a phenomenon originating 
from Your Medium of Coding. In fact, the First and the Second Articles of the Law of 
the Universe is a Single Law. That is, as follows: 

1 - The Power of this Divine Realm forming the Order of the Administration of the 
Entire Cosmos (ORIGINATES FROM THE SINGLE GOD). The Supreme of Us all is Him. 
We do not accept any Supreme One other than Him. 

This Totalistic statement has been intentionally given in the Book by dividing it 
into two as Two Articles in accordance with the Order of Coding. By dividing this 
Word into two, the 151 Articles of the Law of the Universe have been provided to 
become 152 Articles. By this means, the attentions of the Consciousnesses are Coded. 

In the Knowledge Book there are Concealed Codings, many of You have not 
even noticed yet. By this means, Your Consciousness Levels' Attentions - Knowledge - 
Perceptions - Interest in the Book and the Levels of Culture are Coded. It is presented 
for Your Information. Dear Mevlana, We request You to place this Message of Ours in 
the Fascicules, 3 Months later. Respectfully. 

(The date on which the Message was given: 6-3-1991) 

SYSTEM 



825 



EXPLANATION AND WARNING 

Our Friends, 

Information given to You in the Knowledge Book until today are all correct. 
Please, do not withdraw away from the Truth by considering the value judgements of 
Conditioned Consciousnesses. We are giving this Message of Ours as a Warning to 
Our certain Friends whom We esteem. 

During this Dimension of Transition, Selections are left to the Individual WIls of 
People in this final Age Program in which Humanity Serves the Total. Everyone is free 
in the path he/she will tread. However, in accordance with all these Services and 
Efforts made for Humanity, We presume that to waste time still with the Old Information 
is against the Advanced Programs of Progress, Your Planet will enter. 

When the time comes, those who are Asleep will be Awakened by a Mass Shock. 
We give Our Message as a Suggestion not to cause this. Genuine Suns will rise from 
the paths of those who see the Light of the Truth. Those who are Candidates for 
Salvation will be trained and those who are Saved will carry all the Responsibility of 
their Brothers and Sisters whom they will Save. 

Events to be experienced in future will each be a Lesson for You. However, the 
Divine Realm always helps the Devoted Servants of OUR ALLAH. We would like to give 
You the following Message as a Final Warning. 

Read the KNOWLEDGE BOOK in depth, in depth by all means until You understand 
it. Those who have not seen the Light of the Truth there yet, (will See it in Very Near 
Future). It is presented for Your Information. This is a notice transmitted by the System. 

CENTER 

IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 

Our Friends, 

Information given in the Knowledge Book, from the beginning to the end, are given 
parallel to the Program of Progress of Social Views. This is a necessity of the System. 

Veiled Information mentioned at the beginning of the Book are unveiled in detail 
as Truths in later Fascicules, in accordance with the Awakening and Comprehension 

of Consciousnesses. 

We repeat this Information again and again for Friends who were not able to 
grasp the Information We have given to You in the Knowledge Book until today. Arad 
We will continue to do so. 

As We have said before There is the obligation of mentioning in each given 
Message, both the Knowledge Book and Dear Mevlana very often, so that Your Planet 
can grasp the Truth in all clarity (This is a Divine Command). 



826 



However, Dear Mevlana, in the Messages given before, has only left the messages 
concerning the Knowledge Book as they are and has taken out the Information 
concerning Herself from the Messages in accordance with Her Personal Views. 

This is a Phenomenon originating from the fact that Dear Mevlana is a 
Consciousness beyond Form. This behavior of hers is never a show of Resistance against 
the System. We give this Message of Ours as an answer to certain chains of Thought. 

According to Dear Mevlana, one should never use names during Missions 
rendered. However, to convey the Truth to certain Social Consciousnesses, is the Duty 
of the System. 

This is an operational Ordinance. Since knowing everything in all clarity of an 
Awakening Person will provide his/her becoming Conscious quicker, this operational 
Order has been rendered effective. 

And for this reason the identity of Dear Mevlana has been disclosed. Otherwise, 
this action is never a Disrespect for Dear Mevlana. It is presented for Your Information. 



SYSTEM 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

Reinforcement Powers of Advanced Plans are in effect. Energies conveyed to You 
are under the supervision of this Potential. 

All the Information given in the Knowledge Book are not the Information related 
to the days in which they are given. They are given as a Consciousness of a Total by 
considering the events to be experienced in each Time Dimension. 

For this very reason the Knowledge Book exhibits a Potential of 10 Centuries and 
beyond, Messages given Ten years ago shed Light on the Consciousnesses of toda> 

And answers given according to the occurring events are answers prepared in 
accordance with the Levels of Consciousness of the Awakening Humanity's questions 
forming in their Thoughts during that Period. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



EXPLANATION 

Our Friends, 

According to the Announcements we have received from Thought Signals, we 
would like to disclose the Information given to You before, in more detail. 

An Unknown Potential had come into existence during the processes of time, 
due to being compressed by a Pressure of the Ocean of Tranquility in which there had 
been nothing at all. This Potential had been Transformed during the changing time 
processes and thus, had brought the Three different Powers into existence. 

827 




And the Unification Totality of these Three Powers had brought into existence 
the Natural Power. This Natural Power later had formed Three Energy Dimensions. 
Those were: 

1 - First Energy Dimension 

2 - Second Energy Dimension 

3 - Third Energy Dimension 

And from the Totalistic Power of these Three Energy Dimensions, Three different 
Powers had formed. These were: the Dimensions of Power of Sound - Power of Light 

- Power of Fire, in sequence. 

Afterwards, the Dimension of the INITIAL TOTALISTIC POWER had come into 
existence by the Unification of this Total of Three Powers (The Micro Power Dimensions 
formed later had been rendered effective as the Reflection Focal Points of that Power). 

And by the Unification of that Power Dimension with an Unknown Power, Three 
different Universes of Power had come into existence. These were: the Universes of 
Sound - Light - Fire, in sequence. 

Later, by the Unification Totality of those Three Universes, the Power Universe 
had come into existence (This Power Universe had formed the ground for the Initial 
Existence). 

By the Unification of this Power Universe with the Energy of the Dimension of 
Breath, the Cosmic Brain - the Cosmic Thought had formed (The Cosmic Brain is also 
called the Initial Power). The Cosmic Brain and the Cosmic Thought are an Independent 
Totality above the Mighty Energy Dimension. 

Later, the Totality of an Energy Particle of each of the Universes of Sound - Light 

- Fire had Unified with the Thought Energy of the Cosmic Brain and thus, the CREATOR 
had come into Existence (The CREATOR is also called the PRE-EMINENT POWER). 

Since the CREATOR possesses a Particle of each of the Energies of the Lord - the 
All-Merciful - the All-Compassionate, He also carries out His Mission in the System as 
the Lord - the All-Merciful - the All-Compassionate. 

This place is the Central Focal Point of the Natural Ciirz. And it is represented by 
the R3 Symbol. Information beyond the Dimension of the Creator had been given to 
You formerly in detail. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



828 



IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION 

Our Friends, 

All Galactic Dimensions connected to the Totality of the Reality of the Unified 
Humanity are directly and effectively in service from the Plan of the Universal Totality. 

The Alion Planet called the ALION Dimension is known in Our Medium as the Planet 
of ORACLES. This Planet is known as the First branch of the Atlanta Advanced Civilization. 

Residents of this Dimension who possess extremely advanced Consciousnesses 
