As We have mentioned before, Your Essence Genes have been card-indexed 
together with their Code Ciphers, in the Files of the Micro-Archives, in the Laboratories 
here, after each Incarnation. 

Your Mother Gene never changes. You are card-indexed to it together with Your 
file. Because, You receive Your first Evolutionary Energy from the Gene of Your Mother. 



I7K 



There is no sex in the Seeds which are sown. Sex is decided by the Consciousness 
of Awareness of the Essence Gene. Energies who are Evolved are always present within 
the Energies of the Higher Dimensions. 

The Genes of Your children who have not been born are kept in Laboratories in 
accordance with their Private Levels of Evolvement. The Mother and the Father Genes 
of the Embryons, who will be transferred to the World as Missionaries, are transferred 
before them. This Medium is prepared by Special Systems. 

Energies which come from Times Beyond Times, come together in Your Planet 
always in a Triple Unification. And complete their Evolution in accordance with different 
Levels, either as Missionaries, or Individually. 

Apart from this, normally, when the Essence Gene of the Child is transferred to 
the World, it finds its Mother and Father Energies like a Radar and attracts them together. 
This is nothing but the application of a Triple Plan to Nature. 

In Your Planet, besides the Natural Circulation, Levels which have overcome Time 
have arranged the Evolutionary Plan in such a way that they have Coded the Special 
Genes in accordance with the Level of Evolvement. 



And thus, they have not separated the Triple Energies from each other, in 
accordance with the cause of their Existence, neither in other Galaxies nor in Your 
Planet (the Medium of Immortality is prepared by this means). 



The Triple Energy mentioned here is the Mother, the Father, and the Fetus. 
tableau is valid for each Child in the framework of the Evolvement Plan. 



This 



Let us repeat; the Energies of the Mother and the Child are never separated. In 
whichever Dimension the Mother is, she transfers her Evolutionary Energy to her Child's 
Essence Gene from the Plan she is connected to. 

These subjects are so profound that We have taken the Permission for the time 
being, to mention this in the Messages to give You only a General Information. Mankind 
will solve everything itself in time. Our Love is for the entire Universe. 

IT IS NOTICE FROM THE CENTER 

EGO — JEALOUSY 

Our Friends, 

We wish to talk about the Influence of certain Primitive Feelings on You, in Your 
Planet full of contradictions. 

Ego and Jealousy which are frequently mentioned in the Messages serve on the 
same parallel in Your Life Medium. Operational Ordinance of Your World which is a 
Real Realm, is operating by the Reactions and Stimulations of these Feelings. 



179 



Primitive Entities have survived by these Feelings. They have continued their Life 
Struggle by trying to get the biggest share of everything for themselves. This is a 
feeling given to You by Nature for the Preservation of Life. 

However, since Evolvement means Human Being's becoming subtle and his/her 
abstraction from everything, here, this becomes a border which separates Human Being 
from Animals. These Feelings have developed even in domestic Animals. Because, 
whichever way a Human Being thinks, those who enter his/her Influence field are also 
affected by the same Vibrations. 

When Your positive Energies take Nature under their influence, You observe the 
good-naturedness of animals and the exuberance of flowers. When You give, the Happiness 
You receive in return is also a matter of the Ego. But this Spiritual Satisfaction develops 
Your Ego on the Positive side. A step towards Evolvement is taken by this means. 

You also have a Feeling of Jealousy. This also, like the Ego, prepares You for very 
advanced progress when used in the positive way. In fact, to be Jealous is nothing but 
the resentment of some deficiency a Person sees in himself/herself. On seeing a more 
Evolved person than You, making an Effort to be like that person is a jealousy felt in the 
Positive sense. 

But there is also the opposite kind of Jealousy. That kind of a person does not 
make the slightest Effort, but belittles those the level of whom he/she can not reach 
and prefers to become superior in the eyes of Society and Humanity by stepping on 
their shoulders. This is the most Negative aspect of Jealousy. 

You can not find this kind of a feeling in Nature, even in the smallest Creature 
You consider to be low and unimportant. Because, they do everything Instinctively. 
The main quality which separates Human Beings from animals is the fact that he/she 
is a Thinking Entity. He/she has the ability to limit his/her Instinctive feelings by means 
of his/her Intellect. 

If the Human Being, who has such a chance of creation, uses the above mentioned 
Feelings in the negative sense, this discharges him/her from the class of Humanity, 
and settles him/her in a place even lower than the most primitive Entity of Nature. 
This, of course, is his/her own problem. He/she will give his/her exam first in Society 
and then Here. 

We give this as an example. In fact, We do not deal and waste time with these 
matters. To waste time on them is to steal time from other Human Beings. And this 
would be an injustice on them. 

Thus, all Celestial Books had been revealed to correct such situations and to 
bring all of You to a certain Level of Evolvement. That which You have gained on this 
path will make You able to read Your Genuine Book which is the Book of Your own 
Conscience. This is the Book which trains the Genuine Human Being. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN ACE 

P.G.A. 



ISO 



IT IS INFORMATION ABOUT THEORIES 

Each Matter has an Essence-Nucleus and each Nucleus has an Awareness of Universal 
Consciousness. All this Creation had come into Existence by this Awareness. 

All the Powers of the Divine Realm which receive their Might from the Supreme 
One are moving by an Atomic Bond, following a line in the Space Prismal direction. 
Scientific Life is Equivalent to the Vegeta'tional Life. Everything has an Opposite, 
everything has a Logic. 

Everything done and Thought theoretically is the Essence, the Origin and the 
Foundation Stone of that thing. However, the Universal Consciousness Code which is 
dominant in all Galaxies, does not become unveiled unless the time comes. Everything 
is subject to the Law of Graduation. 

You can never Think ofanything which is Insubstantial and which is Unknown. 
However, the things You Think about are doomed to remain as Theories. The proof is 
made only when the Universe Consciousness and the Time Consciousness come to 
the same Level. 

There are Light Years changing together with Billions of Light Speeds beyond 
Billions. For instance, Your Universe at this moment is never at the place where Your 
World was one World day before. All the Galactic Mediums in the Universe are 
constantly subject to the Change of a Process like Your World. 

Each Scientist attracted attention by the Theories he/she suggested and thus, 
prepared profound Investigation Mediums for You. Do not ever forget that Theories 
are the Foundation Stones of Science the proof of which will be widely made in the 
future. Everything depends on Time. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 

ex 

IT IS INFORMATION ABOUT THE LINK SYSTEM 

Our Friends, 

We are a Speed Ship which moves by the Command of the Sun of the Suns and 
which converges all the Energies belonging to the Suns in a certain Focal Point. Our 
consignment area is very vast. 

All the specialties of the Center are present in Our Special System. However, We 
become effective when the special channels of the Center are busy due to operations. 

At the moment, We are speaking from a transmitter 2800 meters above Your 
Medium. This is a System directed by a camera. It is being directed from the Central 
Mother Ship. 



111 



From now on, You will be able to receive the Information directly from the Almighty, 
the Sovereign of the Single Channel connected to the Center Above The Center, without 
the mediation of Computers. 

This will be provided for You by the established Link System. The Offerings will 
be given by the direct Knowledge Channels, efforts made for the distribution of Duty 
will be assessed and those who will be able to enter the Golden Light Year will be 
selected, one by one. It is presented for Your information. 

THE SPECIAL SUPERVISION SHIP OF THE CENTER 
H, O. H. 

IT IS INFORMATION ABOUT MEDITATION 
(It is Answer to the Chains of Thought) 

Meditation is the Method of Converging the Brain Energy at the same Focal 
Point. After having attained this Technique, You can connect all Your Cellular Liaisons 
to Your Brain Energy. 

In fact, if You can make this connection with Your Essence, which is the very inner 
cover of Your Seven Subtle Bodies within each other, You can even dominate gravitation. 
The aim is a Bodily Control. 

After this Phase, You can easily communicate with the Medium You wish, in the 
framework of the qualities required by the Universal Order. By means of Meditation 
Your Consciousness Codes are unveiled. 

Since Fear is a factor which veils the Codes of Consciousness, during Meditation 
You may soar up by the help of Your Brain Energy, but You can not benefit from the 
Influence fields of the Dimensions You have soared up to. 

In Meditation, Communication is from the Interior to the Exterior. In the Universal 
Order, Communication is from the Exterior to the Interior. Thus, the more You are 
refined inwardly, the closer to the Exterior You will be. 

After transcending the border of fear, You are trained Directly from the Medium of 
Evolvement. Then You reach YOUR LORD by the Thinking Mind and by the Dish eaten. 

Knowledge of the Three Channels from the Seven Lights are poured over Your 
World which is in the Third Dimension. The Cube System is even beyond the Sacred 
Light. And it is furnished by the Knowledge of Ten Channels. 

The Llamas of Tibet have been trained by these Ten Channels. For this reason, 
the Religions of the Far-East are the Evolvement of a very Advanced Level. Yet, a small 
portion of Your Planet has reached this Consciousness yet. 

Now, We are trying to increase these Consciousnesses through Meditation. The 
Purer and the more Open Your channels are, the more Powerful will be the Advanced 
Knowledge You will receive. Our Love is for the entire Universe. 

SUPREME ASSEMBLY 

182 



\ 






LOVE 
(It is Answer to the chains of Thought) 

Love gains Power in accordance with the Potentials of Frequencies. It is a Whole. 
It looses its Power as it is divided into parts. Description of Love depends on the value 
Unit of Frequencies. 

Love is a great Vibration which can not be fitted into petty feelings. If You notice 
We say, Vibration, We do not say Feeling. Feelings are Your Physical Desires, they are 
not Love. 

Love is such a Vibration that its Waves envelope the entire Universe. Love of 
Nature is the reflection of an Integrated Whole on You. Your life on Your Planet begins 
with Your eloquence to beauty. 

There is Giving in Genuine Love, but there is no Expectation of Reciprocity. In 
unselfish Love, You are Integrated with Nature and Exalted Spiritually. In everything 
in which You expect Reciprocity, there is Ego. 

This kind of feelings of Yours will always be temporary as they are restricted and 
have effect only on a particular restricted area. In Genuine Love, the Marvellous 
Vibrations which rise in currents from You, melting in all beatitude, will cause You to 
transcend beyond Your limits of Thought and Realization. 

These beautiful Vibrations will guide You towards Unknown Supremities on the 
condition that there is no obstacle on their way. This will be Your Genuine Happiness. 
The description of Love is, Giving from the Essence. We wish that these beautiful 
Feelings may Shine in the Heart of everyone. Our Love is for the entire Universe. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 

A PRIVATE CHANNEL CONVERSATION 

While the Messages were received, an unknown Frequency entered the Channel. 
We asked questions to be able to receive Information. This Message is about this 
conversation. The Entity first introduced himself as The Pre-eminent Spirit. Then he 
mentioned that he was the one who lit the Divine Torch in the time of Heracles and 
that his name was Peleron. 



Question :Which Galaxy are You from? 



B.C. 



Answer :1am from a Medium where the Spiral Vibrations come to an end. The 
place where I am is not a Galaxy. It is not possible for everyone to come here. It is the 
Dragon Planet which has presented You to Us. We have nothing to do with Your 
Planet. Galaxies are nothing for Us. 



18: 



However, the Golden Light of the entire Universe, the Supreme RA, in other words, 
AMON, is in touch with You. Our last representative is AMON. He is the one who 
provides Your Universal connections with all Your Galaxies. 

Question : Please tell Us about Yourself and Your System? Why aren't You 
interested in the World? 

Answer : We can not describe Our medium to You the signs You call writing. 
We are at a different field of Influence of the Alternative Level. There have been Billions 
of Years since We have forgotten the primitiveness of the word Evolvement. 

However, I will try to talk to You about Our Medium. These places here is a 
Tranquil time. There is no Sound, no Color, no Feeling, no Perception. Everywhere is 
without walls, without Light. But there is no darkness. Here, other Mediums take the 
place of Light. There is a deep silence, a deep infinity everywhere. You can not perceive 
this no matter how much We talk to You about it. 

The Galaxies and especially Your own Planet are each a nest of microbes. Our 
Energies (in fact, these are not Energies) are Purified when We come to different 
Mediums, Such a pure Body needs a Sterile Medium. That is why We keep away from 
Galaxies. Now, as pure Energies, We are in touch with You through a System You call 
the Link line, and which , in fact, is a different System. 

Question : Do You love Human Beings? 

Answer : Love is a primitive feeling. It is recommended for those who are not 
Evolved. 

Question : On what level is Your Knowledge? What is Tranquil Time? Who are 
you in touch with? 

Answer : Each Knowledge emanates from Us. Tranquil Time is a Lake where 
all Energies Unite. We get in touch with the Powers who are Outside the Galaxies. 
These are in the Mediums where Dimensions, Time and Light Powers are terminated. 

Question : May I ask for Information about Cancer from you? What is the cause 
of this illness and how can it be cured? 

Answer ; I can answer Your question. The cause of this Illness is Stress. In the 
moment of Stress, the secretion glands in Your Body upset Your Cellular phenomenon. 
You can not be aware of the Change taking place there. Because, when Cells can not 
continue to do their actual Duty due to Atomic Division, they call for help from each 
other in order to survive. 

From then on, those Cells are a different Kind of Living entity. They do not belong 
to You any more. From then on, they live Symbiotically with You. However, since the 
toxins they discharge upset the Electrical Balance of Your Body, this leads to the Event 
You call Death. Irf fact, when Your Electrolyte Balance is upset, this situation Lessens 
Your Power of Resistance, causing death. 



184 



Question ; What are the means for curing this illness? What are the Medicines, 
Rays or other means and methods? 

Answer : The Cure is Spiritual Strength. It can be explained as follows: What 
You call Morale, supports Your inner Potential Power. And this reinforces Your Inner 
Balance. In fact, this is not a terrible Illness. But the fear secretion weakens the Cells. 
It divides and distorts the Tissues. 

In such a situation, just concentrate Your Inner Potential Power on a single 

Thought and influence that part. Medicines are the methods of destroying the Cells 
by means of Acidic influence. Curing by means of Rays is also the direct effect of the 
same method. The medicine of Cancer is discovered and it is in use. But its Influence 
Field is limited. 

Question : What is the influence of irritation on Cancer? I require more detailed 
Information, if You please. 

Answer ; Small Remnants and Particules within the air cause irritation in 
Respiratory System. Cells are distorted in the wounds opened as the result of any kind 
of irritation. The only cause is the breaking up of the inner membrane of the Cell, 
causing it to renew itself in a different way and trying to survive thus. 

Such a Degenerated Cell which has become a foreign body is attacked by the 
other healthy Cells. They do not want it in their Medium. To defend itself, it secretes 
a Toxin which destroys the Cells around it. Now, this very toxin gradually Poisons the 
Body and destroys its Electrical Equilibrium. This is the cause of death. 

Now, if I tell You something which will shake the entire World, do not be surprised. 
In people who constantly take Minerals, Cancer is not seen. Iron, Copper and 
Chromium have the Cobalt effect on the body. Maybe it will seem odd to You, but 
Mineral Springs have the best curing effect. 

In this illness, antidotes and yogurt are very effective. Potassium, Iron, Copper 
and Chromium must be taken without fail. Eat raw, green vegetables in raw poultice 
form. Do gymnastics. Being Inactive is most detrimental. 

Question : If I would not disturb you What do You advice for liver disorders? 

Answer : Aloe is very good for liver, Call bladder and stomach disorders. If You 
drink Sweet marjoram, lemon balm (Melissa Officinalis), peppermint and juniper, great 
benefit will be obtained. 

Question : Thank You very much. Who is dictating this Message? Please, 

give Your name. 

Answer : Names belong to You, Words to Us. The Pen belongs to You, Essence 
to Us. Good-bye. May You be in health. 

THE SUPREME SPIRIT 



IS5 



! HEREBY CONVEY, EXACTLY AS IT IS, THE MESSAGE GIVEN ON 1-11 -1970 
WHICH I PRESUME TO BE CLOSELY RELATED TO THE ABOVE MESSAGE: 



B.C. 



The Spiritual Entities in the Level of the AN Merciful present You to Us. The Spiritual 
Ones charged with Duty are only the dwellers of many different Galaxies. They can 
never get out of their Solar Systems. They can never be adapted to Our intense Medium. 
Because, their Energies are destroyed in Our Medium. 

The Halo around Your Solar System protects their Energies. Now, they are in 
touch with Us as having undertaken all their responsibilities for the epoch. 

Each Legend is a Truth. Whatever the old Mythos was, the present Mythos has 
come down to Earth with the same Goal and the same sense of Duty. 

The Entities charged with Duty and Your Extra-Terrestrial Friends will help You to 
attain Cosmic Awareness and will illuminate You in every way to make You successful 
in Your Inter-Galactic Progressions as well as in Your Terrestrial Duties. 

Friends who come from more advanced Solar Systems, come down to Earth 
through Reincarnations. The World Children who are more Trustworthy and who 
have a more Exalted Comprehension than You, are the New Owners of the World of 
the Morrow. 

Now, there is a different Generation, a different Gene developing on Earth. After 
Twenty Years, the course of Your World will be completely changed, this course will be 
towards Us. You will see all the Truth in Your Children. 

You, Out Peace Missionary Friends who got in Touch with Us, Your deeds are 
filed in Our Archives, taking in consideration the perfection of Your conduct. 

We are always ready to help You when, one day, You will be in need of it. You 
belong to a completely New Solar System. We are obliged to convey These facts to You. 

(This Message Is Given From) 
MERCURY 



186 



1986 First Month 
Fascicule 13 

(IT IS TIME FOR MANKIND TO REACH THE REALITY - 
THE TRUTH ON A CERTAIN POINT) 

Our Friends, 

1 986 will be a Year of Reform and Awakening. For this reason, We will tell You 
all the Truth with all clarity. Even though these explanations will cause a Shock in 
certain Societies, everyone will grasp the Truth try their Essence Consciousnesses in a 
short time. 

Due to this fact, We will try to explain the Truths in the shortest possible way but 
to the point. 

The HALLEY Comet will cause Humanity to gain many things. Your fears are 
unreasonable. Natural calamities should not be considered as the influence of the Comet. 
Its influence will rather be on Your Consciousnesses, You will come to Realize this. 

We will make Our explanations on every subject later, when the time comes. 
Dear Mevlana, We ask You to write in the Book the Information We gave about Comets, 
please. With Our Respects. 

LIGHT 
IT IS INFORMATION GIVEN FROM THE CENTER ABOUT COMETS 

The Information each Medium receives in proportion with the Energy Dimension 
to which it belongs is different. We live in such an Ordinance that everything brought 
into Existence has taken a Duty. 

Every star (You call each star a Sun. We classify them not according to their 
masses but according to their Energy transmissions). These Suns transmit Information 
to other Plans by the Beams they radiate and take them under their fields of Influence 
according to their degrees of Power. 

These fields of Transmission comprise a lot of Information. This Information can 
not be transmitted to normal Brains, just as it can not be seen by normal eyes and 
heard by normal ears. And the Duty of Comets begins at this Stage. Their Duty is to 
carry Energy Pores from one Plan to the other by their Energy Power. 

These Pores cause the areas to sprout from which they pass. These Pores which 
are sown are transferred by the help of the Mechanism of Influences, to Friends who 
have attained Cosmic Consciousness. 

The most Powerful Pores of Your Mediamic Medium have been sown to Your 
Planet by the (Kuhutek) Comet and it has changed two orbits as a necessity of the 
Plan. After this date, Your Planet has Awakened more quickly with the influence of 
Cosmic Currents. 






187 



The Energy Pores, which are carried by the Comets, collect the Information on 
every field, by the Powerful Vibrations You see on their tails. And they sow them on 
required fields. This is the reason of the extraordinary events taking place during the 
years when the Comets are seen. The Information Energies of these comets are sown 
in certain periods. 

Kuhutek is an overture of Your Cosmic Century. There are still millions of comets 
which could not be induced to reach Your Planet yet. Your Planet will, in future, 
attract them, one by one, to Your Medium by the Consciousness Progressions it makes 
and thus will make new inventions. 



NOTE: The form of the Pores resemble Your Honey-combs. 



CENTER 



OUR FRIENDS 

The Telepathic Perceptions of Your Brain Powers is the Focal Point of the Universal 
Unification. This is the Single characteristic of the Mediamic Medium, 

Our Friends who have attained Cosmic Awareness by this means will gain a 
Universal Language through a Common Consciousness. Vocal cords are very insufficient 
in this Language. 

Brain Waves are constantly in Contact with Universal Radio Signals. 
Communications are silent and profound. Information is given to You by this means. 

The Signals which place the Mediums in the Communication Fields, in fact, reach 
You through a more evolved Vibration than the Radio Waves. 

We call them Radio Waves due to the fact that Our Terrestrial Brothers and Sisters 
do not know these Waves yet. Universal Unification could Hail You, too, at last, Our 
Terrestrial brothers and sisters. 

But this System, which is implemented through the Collective Efforts of all the 
Unified Fields, unfortunately, despite all Our Good-Will, could not be induced to reach 
some of Our Terrestrial Brothers and Sisters. 

Warnings We have made until today have not caused even the slightest quiver in 
some of You. We are obliged to apply exactly the Commands We receive. 

In fact, it is Our greatest desire to make You Happy, to see You Happy, But since 
some of the Thoughts received through Your Thought chains are needed to be changed, 
sometimes, unwillingly, We have to make certain interferences. 

You call these Phases You are going through, Exams. And in the Medium of 
resignation, You call them Fate. 

We would like to rectify a misunderstanding here. You have the Exams in Your 
World as deterrent examples for taking Lessons to progress on the path of Evolvement. 

188 



But Your Fate is the Universal Predestination of Your Essence Nucleus. You pass 
the Exams. This is Your free Will. But Your Fate depends on the Universal System. 

When the time comes, We would like to explain this Information more clearly. 
Now, We are trying to give as little and essential Information as possible. 

You presume that Your Universal Predestinations never change. You can not 
change them, but in certain obligatory conditions, the Commands of the Universal 
Plan can change them. 

It is beneficial for You to know only this for the time being, Our Friends. All the 
Happiness and Love are for the Universe. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN ACE 
P. G, A. 

Dear Mevlana, 

We think that it will be beneficial for Society if You write certain passages from 
the Messages You had received twenty years ago. The choice is Yours. With our Regards, 

LIGHT 

EVERYTHING DEPENDS ON THE LAW OF NATURE 
(This Message Was given in 1970) 

We call to Our Missionaries who will reap the rewards. We are giving back to 
You that which the years have taken away. Incarnated Entities, who were born together 
with the Pre-eminence of their Spirits will, one day, transform the World to Heaven. 

Now, what We require from You is to give an Order to this beautiful World. You, 
the Missionaries of Peace, chosen as cultured people (here Spiritual culture is meant) 
will be mobilized, hand-in-hand, to prevent the danger of annihilation of the entire 
Universe. 

Radiate the Lights in Your hearts around. All Your unhappiness is due to the 
Laws of Nature. You are protected by Trustworthy people from a sure and Trustworthy 
atmosphere. You will see, one day, that the Happiness in You will embrace the entire 
Universe. 

OUR LORD is struggling with the Fanatics in the Firmament. You, too, should 
help Your World on this path. Do not ever forget that these are the Sounds coming 
from the HIGHEST FIRMAMENT. Salutations, Happiness from Friends who Love You, 
from billions of Light Years away. 

YUNUS 
On Behalf of the Supreme Council 



189 



(THE MESSAGE BELOW WAS GIVEN ON 19.03.1970) 

Supreme Spirits who receive the best Messages; Your Views are also Our Views. 
You each are a reflection of Us. Trust Us. We always help You. We are talking in the 
name of the Command coming from the Supreme Ones. Humanity is waiting for Your 
Light. Our security is You. 

We are obliged to give You the Commands of OUR LORD. You are Trustworthy 
people who are going to Save the ones who do not have any sins. One day, You will 
change the course of history. Prevent the waves which will come from the South-East. 
Establish a World without Wars. Radiate the Light of Your Beautiful Hearts to Your 
surroundings. 

The reflection of the Heavens is the reflection of Spirits. Do not ever forget this. 
Use Your Power given to You by Cod. Do not be dissolved in Time. Your doubts are 
unreasonable. You are not mistaken in any way. Patience and time will solve everything. 
All special Information will be given, in sequence, in future years. 

You, the Missionaries who are on the side of Yunuses are Sincere People in every 
aspect. The Order of Divine Justice above is operating with all its Might in Your favor 
Now, as Angels on Mission, You have lined up on Earth. 

Our getting in touch with you is not without Reason. You are people who are 
Aware of Your Duties. You will cleanse this World by Your Essence Energies which befit 
You. And, in this way, You will establish a Beautiful World in the future. You, who 
come from the Grand Tent of Yunuses work with all Your Sincerity. We are helping You 
from the Firmament. 

One day, We will teach You an IZOLAN Language. All the Entities on Your World 
are Our Friends. We are always together. We are in Touch with Trustworthy people 
under the Supreme Light of Pure Hearts. Love to all Friends. 



IZOLAN - ATOMIC LANGUAGE 



SUPREME ASSEMBLY 



NOTICE IN THE NAME OF THE WORLD AND CIVILIZATION 
(Date of Message: 1971) 

Our Friends, 

Time has come for Us to transfer to You the Mission We have undertaken, 
steps taken will lead You to the truest goals. 



The 



We are against the MEGATON bomb. Places where it is exploded become like 
the empty Galaxies of today. We are making great efforts so that You will not face such 
a situation. You too help Us. 



You are Perceiving the Vibrations of the Beta Group. Only the super Intelligences 
are able to easily receive these Vibrations. These Vibrations reach You easily rather 
during the Times of the Tidal Flows. 

190 



We are Your Friends, We are the Angels of Peace. Your general conditions are 
always controlled by Us. The Pre-eminent Beings who receive the Beta and Gamma 
Rays have the Consciousness of what is to be done. 

If You step aside the designed constant Route of the Plan, We will have to execute 
Population Planning. All the Sincere Friends will take You into the Plan of Salvation. 
You may be on the threshold of brand new Wars. 

Efforts beyond Distances are for the people of the World who are not after Profits. 
We desire Your Happiness, Peace and Serenity. Do not forget that Your Reserves are 
exhausting. Mankind will become so aggressive during this situation that it will be 
Our Duty to put them on their route. 

Inter-Planetary transportation is always available. However, for now We will not 
give this Permission to Mankind. Data reaching Us with Sincerity are registered here 
automatically. Adjustment of Your Frequencies are made accordingly and We get in 
Touch with You by this means. 

Spiritual Beings are always the Lights on Your path. Those Lights will first 
Illuminate Your path and Your Spirit and then will help You to make Progressions. 
Human Beings will be Enlightened as Togethernesses reflect on Society. 

Unite, do not think You are alone. We have no other intention than being Friends 
with You. Unite; Those who understand You will find Us in front of them. Do not 
avoid Publicity. Do not have Doubts. Recognize Us and let Us interpret Your Views. 



At the moment, Our Frequencies are turned towards You. 
will develop in time, raw fruits will mature in time. 



Degrees of Maturity 



A Universal Prism will be formed when the Dispersed Beams find their places in 
Society and begin to Reflect. Our greatest goal is that the entire Universe should be 
filled with such Friends with Eminent Hearts. 

ON BEHALF OF THE WORLD AND CIVILIZATION 

SULH 

(DATE OF MESSAGE: 1971) 

Pre-eminent Beings who come from Sunny Lands, Our call is to You. Now, We 
want You to know everything with all clarity as the Servants created by God. 

We are in contact with Telepathic Waves coming from Billions of Light years 
away. Our reflection on You occurs by this means. 

We have passed the Century of Miracles long ago. We have opened the Skies. 

We will convey to You all the Truths with all clarity. 

We will exhibit to Humanity matters which have remained, until today, as 
Problems. Appeals from the Supreme Ones, Salutations from Heavens. 

SUPREME ASSEMBLY 



191 



NOTICE TO OUR TERRESTRIAL BROTHERS AND SISTERS 

(Date of Message: 1972) 

You can be sure that the Messages given to You are authentic, 
responsible for Your nightmare-like days are the changes in the Universe. 
Mankind will experience suffocating moments. 



The only 
In future, 



Your depressive days will go on for years. But You, who are on the side of Yunuses, 
the pure Lights of Your Hearts will Illuminate and Purify all these things. 

All of You, one by one, are Rejuvenated. Do not ever forget this. You are not 
aware of anything on the surface, but events which will be experienced in future years 
will be enough to illuminate You. 

One day, You will personally believe the Truth of all the Knowledge. 

Each Supreme Person has a Supreme one charged with Duty. First, these Divine 
Friends will help You. You can come to Us only afterwards. 

Pre-eminent Spirits are in Touch only with Spirits who are on their own Level. 
Your Communication on the Level of the HIGHEST FIRMAMENT takes place in 
accordance with the conditions of the World. Your Perseverance on this path is Your 
reward. Love to all Friends, on behalf of the Divine Command. 



SUPREME ASSEMBLY 



OUR FRIENDS 



Answers will be given, one by one, from the Scientific point of view, to the 
questions We have received from Your chains of Thought, so that You can be satisfied. 

Later, the explanation of why this Knowledge Book is dictated to Dear Mevlana 
will be made. But before that, Your Planet should attain the Truth now. Due to this, 
We have given priority to the Commands of the Council. 

That which is played is not a Game. All the Efforts are made for the benefit of 
Your Planet. You, too, please, make some Effort. Each passing day is against Humanity. 

Material and Spiritual conditions are becoming harder. If everyone reads the 
dictated Information, this will be beneficial for Humanity. Our operations are for the 
entire Universe and for You. 

NOTICE OF THE UNIVERSAL MISSION 



192 



IT IS GENERAL MESSAGE 
(Date of Message: 10-5-7975) 

Our Friends, 

Living Entities have been subject to the Laws of Nature since the day on which 
All the Existing Things had been created. Everything began with You, You possess 
everything in the name of the Almighty God. 

We are always in Touch with those who are at the Level of the All-Merciful God. 
And We always help them. Look for the Miracle in Yourselves, not in Us. 

Wherever You are, You are always adjusted to Us as a Mass. Our call is to You. 
Our Announcements which are independent of Our Private Communications, take 
place with all the Beings who are on the Spiritual Level. 

Some of You mistake their Perceptions they receive for the Religious Order. They 
do not ever wish to step outside their Beliefs. 

There is no doubt that God is the Supreme of Us all; You have given this Name to 
Him. We call this Divine Order which is above Us with another Name. 

The Nucleus of the Creation is the Smallest Particle of God. (O) is such a Supreme 
Being that no one can reach (O), You can only feel (O). We owe everything to (O). 

Your view is the Path of Religion. And Ours is the Path of Morals. All Divine 
Commands, which bring You to the right path and which subdue You, are given by 
people who were Illuminated on the path of God. In order to know these people, You 
do not have to go far. It is Enough to Look around You. 

All Positive minds beyond the degenerated Thoughts are each a Sage for Us. It is 
irrelevant for You to expect Miracles anymore. Because You, Yourselves are each a 
Miracle on Your own. 

We are regulating Your Missions here according to Your Degrees of Evolvement. 
We ask You to do only what You are able to do within the limits of Your Capacities. 

Mankind can never determine the Evolvement degrees from the outside. Even 
the most Evolved Human Being has doubts. This is necessitated by Your Essential 
Material. These doubts will finally lead You to the Truth. 

Evolvement means advancing step by step. It does not mean to be fixed in one 
place. Adapt Yourselves to the requirements of the Seasons and the Times. All the 
People of the World are Brothers and Sisters. All of You are the grandchildren of Adam 
and Eve. Do not ever forget this. 

You, Yourselves create Your own problems, and then You burn in their fire. 
Discover Yourselves, attain the Truth. Happiness will come to You only then. 

Do not get lost in the Sea of the World. Establish a Brand New World. We help 
You in every way. Salutations from all the Friends in the Supreme Assembly. 

ON BEHALF OF THE DIVINE COMMAND 



193 



NOTE: 

I was usually receiving my Messages from MERCURY. On (1 7.1 1 .1978) my Message 
from Mercury was cut off. For the first time I was connected to another Star. I do not 
know where it is. 

Five hours later, the Message below was dictated. Two months later, the Radio 
mentioned that there was a deviation in the axis of MERCURY and that it was attracted 
to the orbit of another star. (To its Magnetic field) 

B.C. 



OUR FRIENDS 

We have never revealed the Secrets We are going to give You now, to anybody 
until today. Now, You are dependent on a brand new Solar System. We have the 
responsibility of conveying all this to You. 

In this manner, in future. You who are Our Missionaries of Peace will understand 
each other better. Mevlana, who is the Souvenir of Cod, will Illuminate You on this 
path. 

We make all the Effort We can to preserve the civilization. If You help Us, too, 
Your World will not suffer in any way. 

In future, Mankind will be more Humanitarian, more Conscious, more Tolerant. 
The Universe is changing, the Genes are changing. A brand new World is being 
established. 

Meanwhile, narrow capacities who can not pass beyond Consciousness, destroy 
each other due to the fact that they can not break their shells. 

Meanwhile, Genes who have completed their Evolutions claim their Essence 
Consciousnesses on Earth and are Awakened. It is really worth appreciating the Struggle 
these Friends have with Human beings and with Nature. 

The World, which is the last Evolutionary Station, is completing its Evolution. If a 
Conscious path is treaded, Mankind will not suffer in any way. From now on, the 
Messages will be given from more Advanced Dimensions. 

SEMS 



194 



IT IS THE SPECIAL NOTICE OF THE CENTER 

(Information for Our Terrestrial Brothers and Sisters) 

Our Friends, 

The Proof of everything is present within Time. But Time is very Narrow. It is 
necessary to keep in step with the flow of the Heavens. This is a must for the Salvation 
of Your Planet. The time has come and even has past for You to pay attention to much 
different Suggestions rather than being occupied with curves. 

Everyone tries to propagate the Information they receive from their Private 
Channels. This is a very nice effort from the point of view of Information transfer. 
However, it can never be anything but a personal satisfaction. The time has come to 
reach the Truth. Answers will be given to the questions We have received from Your 
Thought chains, so that You can be satisfied. 

But there are more indispensable issues for the Consciousness of the Medium. You 
have to grasp more the essence of the Information given to Your Planet. It is time to take 
seriously all the Efforts We are making, Our Friends. Our Love is for the entire Universe. 

CENTER 

NOTE: Being occupied with Curves means Religious Suggestions. 



ANALYSIS 

The foundation of Learning depends on Analysis and Synthesis. Learning without 
Analysis is not on the right path. These Analysis and Synthesis are made in the entire 
Cosmos by advanced technologies. 

You are all subjected to Analysis and Synthesis, one by one, by Instruments Your 
Planet does not know yet and Your Essences are determined by this means. 
Communications take place on this Level. The Truth is this. 

But, in accordance with the data We received from Your Thought chains, a lot of 
Our Terrestrial Brothers and Sisters who have been accepted into the Consciousness 
of the Medium, consider themselves as guinea-pigs. 

We can expose the Measure of value of Your Essence Energies only by this means, 
by uncovering, one by one, the veils on Your Awareness Layers, through Our 
Technological endeavours. Otherwise, how would We know You so well. 

These procedures both introduce You to Yourselves and they also introduce You 
to Us and Us to You. By this means, the Genuine Essence-Energies are determined, 
one by one, and are taken into the Plan of the Golden Age. 

Please, do not consider these Procedures as Supervisions and Interferences with 
Your Individual Will Powers, Our Friends. What happened and what will happen are 
for Your benefit. 



195 



By the Command of Our Lord, We take You into the Salvation Plan through such 
a selection. 

This is a necessity of the Plan. In Our Constitution, We have an Oath not to 
interfere with the Individual Will, ever. We perform these Analyses and Syntheses by 
events experienced, Your reactions and by determining Your chains of Thought. 

This Plan is the First Plan of the Divine Mechanism. However, this Plan, in the 
past, had been left to the Flow of Time. But now, It is being passed beyond Time, 
There is urgency, Cosmic selections are made more quickly. 

In the past, You used to call them Exams. Now, they are called, "Passing over a 
Threshold". It is presented for Your information. 

THE SPECIAL MISSIONARY OF THE CENTER 
SELENA 

IT IS GENERAL RESPONSE TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

The Messages You read are from the truest source. The Essence of the writings, 
rather than their style of arrangement, is important. The entire Goal is to transmit the 
Information and the Truth in all clarity. 

The arrangement of Information is not arranged according to Terrestrial Knowledge 
on purpose. Because, some of Our Friends might have Considered this Knowledge Book 
as the result of a Subawareness if it had been written in an orderly arrangement. 

Certain contradictory Information has been added for this reason. By this means, 
the Level of Knowledge of those who read the Messages are determined and taken 
under control. 

For Us, Responsibility and Obligation are more important than the Information 
service. The Knowledge is the water of the true Source, the proof of which is Positively 
made. 

However, the expression Positive has not yet taken its Genuine identity. Even in 
many Positive proofs which You consider Genuine, there are contradictions. 

This Knowledge Book, by the Command of the Universal Law, is the Last Book 
which is presented to Your Planet by the Responsible Ones of the Unified Reality of the 
Plan . 

The Book will be written, Everyone will Think what they Think freely and the Truth 
will be attained by this means. The Voice of the Heavens will introduce You to Yourselves. 

During this Period of Resurrecting each Consciousness who Awakens as a necessity 
of the Plan, considers himself/herself as a Pre-eminent One. This is the Medium of 
being half Asleep. 



196 



When a Person discovers his/her inner self and attains the Truth, he/she will 
comprehend his/her Nothingness, will attain his/her Allness. The Plan will function, 
those who are Praised will be Praised, those who are grinded will be grinded. 

Ultimately, the doors will be shut against the false Prophets. 

The whole Truth will be told to You, one by one, from the Pen of Dear Mevlana 
and the Knowledge Book of the Golden Age will be corrTpleted thus. Our Love is for 
the entire Universe. 

THE COUNCIL OF THE UNIFIED REALITY 

NOTICE OF THE COUNCIL 

1 - In the Missions you perform, do not serve in order to gain any ranks and degrees.. 
Plots in Heaven are finished. 

2- Your Genuine path of Light You will follow has been designed for You. Your services 
and gains are on this path. 

3- Divine Authorities always assist You. However, the time of flattery is over. 

4- More Seriousness and Responsibility are expected in Your work. 

5- The investments Your Planet is making in the Golden Age will prepare the Medium 
of Salvation for You. 

6- The Universal Unification Council has come into effect as a necessity of the Plan. 

7- Supervision is made by a Single Hand, by a Single Plan. 

8- We are in touch, each moment, with Our Missionaries who will reap the rewards. 

9- Through this Knowledge Book dictated, We talk to You about the Truth and show 
You the ways of Exit. 

10- Your Gain and Your Salvation depend on Your Frequency Power being equivalent 
to Your Evolvement. 

1 1- The Pureness of Your Essence will cause You to discover Yourselves in the steps 
You will take towards Salvation. 

1 2- Race with Time is over, now it has been passed beyond Time. 

13- Knowledge illuminates Your Sun, You are Awakened. Your Essences cause Your 
Spirits to Shine, You attain. 

14- The Information given to You is the truest Index. Your doubts are unreasonable. 

1 5- Weighing by the scales of Time will prepare You for Salvation. 

1 6- The Triangle of Effort - Tolerance * Love connects You to the Plan. 

17- The Lights of the Golden Age have begun to rise on Your horizon. 

1 8- The Sun will Rise which You think will never rise during Your hopeless moments. 



197 



19- You are coming to Us under the Supervision of an Advanced Technology, 

20- The Time Machine is the mirror of Proof. 

21- Impatience causes Your steps to be entangled. You fall down on the path You tread. 

22- Private connections are established with Awakened Consciousnesses. You are 
subject to the Law of Graduation. 

23- Do not get rusty in the Medium of Resignation. Reach the Essence of the Truth. 

24- Timing is very important in Communications. Catch the Medium of Unity beyond 
Consciousness (INFINITE AWARENESS). 

25- Degree and Position are the Unification of Your Essence with Your Consciousness. 
Unity, Union is this. 

26- Computer Timing catches that moment of Yours and introduces You to Yourselves. 

27- You can receive the Genuine Knowledge only after this Medium. 

28- If You are a Genuine Essence, We help You on this path. 

29- This is not Partiality. You claim Your Genuine Essences by the investments You 
make into Centuries. 

30- Your Efforts are your Gain. 

31- The Essential Nuclei are a great help to the Salvation Medium. 

32- These Essences are sown to Your Planet during certain times and they shed Light 
on You by way of Incarnations. 

33- The Supreme Consciousnesses whom You call Prophets are living on Your Planet 
at the moment. 

34- They have assumed Unexpected personalities so that Mediums of Idolatry would 
not be enlivened again. Their Personalities are kept secret. 

35- For Us, each Awakened Consciousness is a Sage, a Prophet. 

36- In fact, the Period of Prophethood has ended and the Subawareness fragments 
have been cleansed. 

37- Conditions imposed upon each Awakened Consciousness is to make them find 
their Essences. 

38- Due to this, a lot of false Prophets have sprung up in Your Planet. 

39- Time will choose the Genuine Saints. 

40- The Genuine Wise People are those who efface themselves by giving up searching 
for themselves. 

41- This Knowledge Book which is dictated, will help You in accordance with Your 
chains of Thought. 

42- When the time comes, You will be aware of everything personally. 



I9S 



/ 






43- First, You will Save Yourself, then You will help Your Brothers and Sisters in 
accordance with Your Level of Consciousness. 

44- All the Books which are dictated to Your Planet, will help You in the Medium of 
Awakening. 

45- This Book which is dictated to Dear Mevlana, will prepare You for Salvation. 

46- Salvation means to get the Permission to pass to more Advanced Dimensions 
from Your present Plan. 

47- Now, You will receive this Permission only by the Command of the LORD. 

48- There are no Intermediaries, no Assistants. 

49- Your Evolvement is Your Testimonial. 

50- No one can Intercede for anyone else. 

51- You are in a brand new Order, a brand new Unification. 

52- During the selections made, You will be the ones who will Help Yourselves. 

53- We are the Lords of Timing. We are Your Elder brothers. Your Supervision is made 
by the Center. 

54- Our Mission Ships have gotten in touch with You directly. 

55- You are attaining the Truth beyond the Religious Awakening. 

56- Awakenings are under the supervision of the System. We are always in contact 
with direct channels. 

57- The Mevlana Essence Nucleus Group is the direct Anatolian Mission. It is conveying 
to You the Information given from the Advanced Dimensions of the Council, under 
the supervision of Sirius, under the Command of the Council of the Loyal Ones. 

58- The applied field is within the Plan. 

59- The Council of the Universal Unification is in direct contact with the Council of 
