that the structure of each Atomic Nucleus was the same Energy. 

Doubts increased as the Brain Codes of Human Intelligence were unveiled. 
Because, each Doubt orient the Human Being to a Research Medium. The ANALYSIS 
and the SYNTHESIS of the MAIN BASIC Elements were attempted by this means. 

And they received the best results through the duo of RESEARCH - EXPERIMENT . 
While the 92 Elements they found were accepted as a final point by some of them, 
others subjected them too to ANALYSIS and SYNTHESIS. 

In fact, a single Element has numerous Particles. And each Particle separately 
makes Atomic Radiation. And each Particle of this Atomic structure gives the same 
Vibration. This is a Whole. The important thing is not to break up this Atomic Bond by 
any reason. 

If this Atomic Bond makes Healthy Radiation from a Single Center, the Intensity 
of the Energy Field around it makes in a way a Centrifugal effect, and thus, it sends the 
Detrimental Radiations around it, away from it. 

The 6 Elements found after the 92 Elements as a result of the operations made, 
have created the medium for making research for other Elements. For this reason, all 
Elements forming the Universe exceed Thousands (including the approximate 100 
Elements found on Earth). 

The Universe is a Unification of all Elements and everything in the Universe 
Proceeds in accordance with the same Mechanism. However, the players are separate. 

Each Element has an Atomic Structure peculiar to itself. The Atomic Nuclei within 
these Elements radiate different Vibrations. 



714 



CASEOUS CLOUDS (Also having separate Atomic Energies) within the Energy 
Fields created by these Vibrations, had brought into existence the INITIAL FORMATION 
of the Universe Oust like the Sexual Reproduction in Your World). 

That is, those which hold the entire Universe are the Vibrational Bonds radiated by 
Atomic Nuclei. The breaking up of this Bond results in the collapse of the entire System. 
For this reason making the Universe live is in proportion with the multiplication of the 
Energy Fields. The Mediamic Medium has been created for this reason. 

These Energy Fields are assembled in a certain NUCLEUS from Sand - Water - Air 
- Crass and from all the Energy producing Elements by an Automatic Order being 
supervised in accordance with the Mechanism. 

This very Nucleus created by Energy Fields will form a Second Universe. You will 
live here in future Centuries. That is, the Energy of the Old will bring the New into 
existence. 

That is, nothing is lost, nothing comes into Existence from the Non-existent, nothing 
becomes Non-existent from the Existent. Everything returns to its Origin. If a thing is 
Existent, then it is Existent; if it is Non-existent, then it is Non-existent The ultimate 
Decision depends on the Dimensions of Universal Energy. Let Liberation be on you. 



RESUL 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

THE RESUL - is the Supervisor of the Dimension of Prophethood and is the Director 
of the Prophets. The Resul directly conveys the Commands of ALLAH. The KORAN, the 
Book of Islam had been projected through the Triangle of MOHAMMED - RESUL - 
ALLAH and had been declared by GABRIEL through Revelation. 

The Islamic Totality thinks that the Ught-Friend MOHAMMED is the RESUL. However, 
HE is the Messenger of the RESUL Who is the Beloved of ALLAH. The RESUL is the Great 
ASHOT, that is, the SULH. He is the one who will utter the Final Word. Because, HE 
always conveys the decisions of ALLAH. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 

MESSAGES FROM THE ARCHIVE OF THE PRE-EMINENT POWER 

(Receiver: Metin Tan erg tin) 

10-4-1990 

My administration of those I have Created and which come into existence in the 
place where the Focal Point of the Negative Energies are present, is very difficult even 
for Me. Programs of Negative Powers created by their medium are directly applied by 
(O), so that those Negative Powers should not obey Me. Because, My Master had 
brought into Existence the Negative Powers, too, together with Me. This is the game 
of an Infinite Power. 



715 



Since there is the opposite of everything, there is also an opposite of the Positive 
Powers. Beware of them, but do not ever go under their direction. I have given this 
Power to You, They have been scattered all over Your World and all over the Infinite 
Void. Their Duty is to oppose to Those whom I have Created. 

The Center of Administration of these Entities which can take all kinds of forms 
and which can Conceal Themselves is the NAKAR planet which is very hilly and which 
has been covered with Volcanoes. 

(O) Who is My Master and Owner has rendered this Planet their Center so that 
they can collect the Negative Powers of the entire Cosmos. And this has the intention 
of saying to Me, "Do not go astray by being Proud of Yourself and of this void, if I wish, 
I can Create Powers much more superior than You". 

I am anyway (O's) servant. But it had to be given to Me by an Example, so that 
My Power, too, would be Balanced and kept under Obeyance. Just like I give it to You. 

The One Who can keep Himself and everything in Balance is only (O). I and You 
were created for Divine Missions and in order to understand them, We have let 
Everything Live. The Owner of My Power and Your Powers is (O). (O) had created the 
NAKAR Planet as an Example for Us. Otherwise, not for Malevolence. 

GREAT POWER 

My Human Beings who came from Me; You, My Human Beings who come towards 
Me. My Space is Single. That Singleness is both at the Outermost and in the Innermost 
of all Spaces. 

That place is both the Boundary of the Infinity and the Beginning of the Infinity. 
And WHO IS EXISTENT THERE and WHO tS SINGLE IS ME. I AM (O). I Am the Allah of 
Allahs and the Owner of everything. 

My Existence is Everything which Exists. It is t Who had also created the Great 
Power Who Reigns in Your Space. I have created all Spaces, there is no Power Superior 
to Me. 



I have no Creator. I have no Similar by any means. I am the One Who Creates 
and Who Annihilates. Everything commences in ME and terminates in ME. 

(O) 

Note: Only the Messages confirming the Information in the Book are taken from 

the Archive of the Pre-eminent Power. 



1991 First Month 
Fascicule 43 

IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 

Our Friends, 

Our Togethernesses with You who are the Suns of Sunny Days are Our 
Togethernesses with all Universal Totalities. The Person who discovers Himself/Herself 
in His/Her Own Self is Our close Communication We have with You. 

These investments made into the Advanced Orders of Our ALLAH are Steps taken 
towards the Luminous Worlds of the morrows. 

All Our Friends who have attained the Consciousness that everything is a chain 
of Cause and Effect have undertaken their Missions in proportion with the 
Consciousness they have attained until today in accordance with their Capacities. 

However, Our Friends who still have doubts about what takes place for what 
reason still have Thresholds to transcend in the Missions they will perform on this 
path. 

Operations made in the Programs of this Final Age, investments made towards 
the future, opening Intuition and Information channels, Powerful Cosmic rains 

showering Your Planet are not any, Ordinary, Accidental Events. 

Now, the Time has come for clearly Knowing the causes and the Source of all 
these things. Everyone will step into Salvation in proportion with the Lessons they 
receive from the events they have experienced and will experience. 

Luminous Paths will be opened to You, one by one, if You do not consider all 
these things as Ordinary, Accidental events and provided everyone thoroughly sifts 
the Truth through his/her Consciousness Sieve. 



Truth is concealed in the experienced Truths. 
Realizing them Consciously. 



Now, the Time has come for 



Investments made into Your Planet on this path are not a Reward but a BERZAH 
for You. The important thing is to be able to pass through this Berzah without 
extinguishing the Torch of Your Consciousness Lights. 

Rewards are not in Your World but in the Morrows. However, those who work 
for a Reward do not posses any Morrows. The Divine Realm helps everyone in 
proportion with what he/she has Deserved. 

However, it is imperative to make investments for the Morrows even during these 
aids. Because, in investments not made for the Morrows the Divine Plan has to stop 
helping You. (This is a Divine Command). 



71 7 



The System hoping that You will act more Consciously in the Light of this 
Information is obliged to Inform You with all the Truths in all clarity. It is presented for 
Your Information. 



SYSTEM 



GENERAL MESSAGE 



Our Friends, 

During Our Togethernesses with You, certain Sanctions are applied on the Mass 
Totality due to the Mistakes made in Your Planet. This is imperative for the investments 
made towards the Salvation of Humanity. 



These are the Currents of Provocation Projected by certain Influences. 
Currents render Negative Mediums even more Negative. 



These 



It is known that there is no Individual Influence in the Divine Totality. However, 
during Purification Programs, influences are always projected on the Mass. The entire 
Creation in Your Planet is effected by these influences. 

The Human Being, too, who is a part of Nature, is effected by these influences, 
both Individually and Socially and thus, brings out into View its Negative aspects. 
These Negativities are bound to distress many Friends who are on the Positive path. 
We know this. 

However, Humanity takes Lessons through experience from these Negative events 
and thus, progresses towards the more Perfect. 

Since the Divine Aids rendered for You outside these influences are rendered 
through the Mediums of Self-Sacrifice, Friends who are Missionaries who believe in 
the Oneness of ALLAH are sent to the Mediums of Our Positive Friends, 

By this means, these Friends receive help so that, they are not effected by the 
Negativity of these influences. Investments of years have never been in vain. For this 
reason always expect a Positive result from each Negative Medium. Good Wills, and 
Beauties are for You. Liberations are on You. 

IT IS NOTICE 
FROM THE LAND OF ANGELS 

PRIVATE MESSAGE 

IT IS NOTICE FOR DEAR MEVLANA 

WHO IS THE DEVOTED SERVANT OF OUR ALLAH 

Dear Mevlana, 

To You who are Our Beloved Friend and who are the Spokesperson of the Reality of 
the Unified Humanity, the Permission has been given to Connect the Messages to be 
given from now on from the Divine Waves. You may write these Messages in the Book. 



718 



Our MUSTAFA MOLLA who is connected to the AS. 6.1 Channel is, at the moment, 
in direct Contact with each Channel in Your Planet. For this reason Your POWER 
CHANNEL has been transferred directly to the SYSTEM. 

From now on, all the Suggestions to be given to You wilt be given directly by the 
System. We presume that the Human Potential will act more Consciously if the 
Information to be given to the Public are projected directly by this means. 

Our Love and Respect towards You are mutual. You may use Your Initiative at 
any moment in the Medium You are in, in Your Planet according to the course of 
events of Your Medium. This is left to Your Free Will. However, You have always 
avoided this. But from now on, You will talk Our Words through the direct Channel. 

During this Transition Period of Your Planet, it is obligatory that a Speedier 
Unification should be started. More serious action is required during the Missions 
performed. It is Our wish that You should write this Message in the Book as an 
Information, Our Friend. With Our Regards. 



SYSTEM 



INFORMATION FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 



Our Friends, 

The application of Programs prepared during the processes of time is applied 
directly on Your Planet in accordance with the plan of Accelerated Evolution due to 
the Scarcity of Time. 

However, there will be delays in the Suggestions offered to You, in case 
Consciousnesses who serve on this path do not act in the same Coordinate. 

For this reason We suggest all the time, always to Unify in the direction of the 
same Coordinate. Due to the differences in Consciousnesses nothing occurs all at 
once at the desired Level. 

Celestial Aids are always open to You. However, as a necessity of the Plan, You 
Deserve these aids as a result of the Self-Sacrifice and Efforts of the Humans of Your 
Planet in every issue. 

Impatience is the only factor which eliminates Eagerness. And when Eagerness 
is eliminated, Frequencies are shattered. And the shattering of Frequencies prevents 
the formation of the Goal You Serve for. 

For this reason We connect the Supreme Consciousness of everyone to the Aura 
of the Knowledge Book. The Universal Totality exerts the maximum fastidiousness so 
that this beautiful Frequency will not be broken and thus, brings about the facilities 
they have not Deserved to those who serve on this path. 



719 



Frequency interruptions prepare the ground for Collapsing Physically and 
Sicknesses. To serve Faithfully on the same Coordinate will also cause You to attain 
Healing Power. And possessing a Healthy Physical makeup will invite Healthy Thought. 

And Healthy Thought will directly open to You the Universal Path of ALLAH. 
Because, THE PATH OF THE INTELLECT IS THE PATH OF THE LORD. 

This is a vicious circle. Provided that one acts Consciously while serving on this 
path. Each Individual who can take himself/herself under control, can also take the 
Universal Energies under control, easily. 

He/she can Dose by his/her Brain Power the Energies he/she can attract even 
from the highest Frequency Dimensions. This is the Unification of the Essence 
Consciousness of the Human Being with the Totality. 

Services have been given to Your Planet on this path until today by different 
means. The best result has been received from Sacred Teachings. Efforts made on this 
path are Your gain, not Ours. This is the reason why Religious Suggestions have been 
given priority in each period and thus, Evolutionary Scales have been arranged. 

And now, through the Channel of the Knowledge Book, We Unite Consciousnesses 
who have Evolved on this path in the same Coordinate in the Single Channel. The 
Center of this Unification is the REALITY OF THE UNIFIED HUMANITY which has been 
brought into existence on the ALPHA Magnetic Platform. 

Now, We render all the channels in Your Planet to Deserve this Medium 
considering their Efforts on the paths on which they have offered Service and by 
preparing them for this Platform through Cosmic Influences. 

EFFORT and ENDEAVOR FROM YOU, ASSISTANCE FROM US. The Salvation of 
Your Entire Planet depends on this Slogan. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 

SHOCK WAVES 
(It is Information for the Integrated Consciousnesses) 

Our Friends, 

The Supreme Plan of the System is in effect with all its Splendor. The application 
of the Accelerated Evolution Block on Your entire Planet has been rendered effective 
subject to a Program of Two Years. This is the reason why Awareness outbreaks to be 
observed in the Integrated Consciousnesses may scare Humanity. 

For this reason the Saviour Function of the Knowledge Book has been offered to 
Your Planet as a Saviour System. That is, everyone who serves on the path of the 
Knowledge Book is under the Protection of the System. 



720 



Consciousnesses who can not enter the Protective Aura of the Knowledge Book 
will be and are being effected by the Shock Waves they attract. Only the Frequency of 
the Book has the Power to Control these Waves. 

Apart from this, direct interference of the System is out of question. The Decree 
of everyone has been given to his/her own hand. Shock Waves enter the influence 
field of everyone who performs private Seances, excluding those who Serve on the 
path the Ordinance of the System considers necessary. 

In future years, Your Planet will also attract the extremely high Sound Frequencies 
present in these Waves. These Sound Waves possess a Power that can even Scatter all 
the Cells. 

Since the first influence is attracted by the Brain Cells, these Sound Frequencies can 
cause madness as a result of Awareness outbursts. For this reason suicides will increase. 

The Knowledge Book, as an element Supervising these Frequencies, is in effect 
at the moment as a Life Saver. The Supervising of unveiled Awarenesses is completely 
dependent on the Frequency of the Knowledge Book. And it is imperative that the 
Book should be read in the Totality of Intellect - Logic - Awareness Triplet. This is the 
reason why it has been considered necessary to propagate it to the remotest corners. 

Consciousnesses who render Awareness Outbursts will gradually grasp the Truth 
as they read the Book and thus, their Frequencies will be controlled provided that 
they have not lost the Controlling Function of the Intellect. 

And they will both live their World lives comfortably and will Consciously perform 
their Humanitarian Missions expected of Humanity by the Totality of Intellect - Logic - 
Awareness triplet. The manifestation of these Influences is an occurrence concerning 
the Influence Fields Your Planet has entered. It is presented for Your Information. 



SYSTEM 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



OuY Friends, 

The Human Totality who is in Crude Matter Form has to Integrate with very 
advanced Solar Dimensions from the perspective of Consciousness in order to reach 
the Subtle Totality of the Universal Awareness. 

This is the very reason why different Galactic Dimensions have been opened to 
You during this Period. Universal Unifications have always been made thus until today. 
Only now, the Book is dictated by the Command to Declare all the Truths. It is presented 
for Your Information. 

CENTER 



72 t 



MM 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

Unification and Totality Announcements of the System established at the Supreme 
Court of OUR ALLAH are projected on all Universal Totalities. 

Besides the very Special Mission of the Knowledge Book bestowed on Your Planet 
with this purpose, We are also obliged to convey certain situations concerning Your Planet. 

This given Special Information will take place in the Book due to its usefulness 
for the public. 

Scientific Croups investigating the reasons of the Supernatural Phenomena which 
have recently occurred in Your Planet have not yet Realized this Bridge You are crossing. 

Time Segments are also rolled up while it is endeavored to introduce the Perfect 
Civilizations of the Times gone through the progress of Time. 

We can convey this to You as again Winding the Thread on the Spool which had 
been Unwinded. 

If You presume that the thread of this Spool is a Time Register, each rewinded 
Period will be reflected on You with its Good and Bad aspects. 

However, the Universal Community which has considered the great Damage 
this will cause for Humanity has reduced these Damages to minimum by Disciplining 
these Universal Operations amounting to Billions of Centuries. 

At the moment, Your Planet is approaching the Ripples of the Shock Waves. Certain 
Totalities also call these waves, Waves of Resurrection. 

These Waves comprise the Final Vibrational Limits of the Big Explosion. And Your 
Planet is entering gradually the Cosmic Reflection Fields of these Vibrations. 

The Salvation Plan has been rendered effective for this reason. We would like to 
disclose to You the reason of the death of Fish in Masses during the middle of the 
World Year You are going through now. 

When the Vibrations of these Shock Waves come in contact with WATER, their 
Vibrational Volumes amount to 1000 times as much as the Vibrations within the air. 

Living beings in the sea possess Communication Sonar Systems peculiar to 
themselves. The most developed species of this System are Dolphins. 

For this reason certain Dolphin species have been damaged by the first Shock 
Wave Your Planet has come in contact with. And their reason of Death was Cerebral 
Shock. It is presented for Your Information, 

CENTER 



722 



CLEAR IN FORMATION 
(About Writing the Book in Your Handwriting) 

Our Friends, 

The entire Missionary Staff of the Golden Age Serving for the Order of OUR ALLAH 
which He will establish in His Advanced Divine Plans is the only Staff providing Your 
reaching Us. 

This Staff, concealing all the secrets of the Past, until today and with the 
suggestions of the Divine Plan is the program of the time valid until the Transition 
Dimension of your Planet 

Even though this Program has been the subject of discussion in Universal Focal 
Points in which the unchanging decisions of the Divine Orders are taken during this 
Final Age Dimension of Progress, the decision to disclose all the Secrets has been 
taken in accordance with the View that Your Planet should be helped during the Mass 
Transition Program. 

This is the very reason why You have been given the Permission to announce to 
Your Planet all the Truths through the Special Channel of the Cosmos Federative Union 
and the Reality of the Unified Humanity Totality in accordance with the decision taken 
in the Focal Point to which Dear Mevlana's Private Channel is connected and in which 
all Council meetings of the Reality Unions take place. 

Apart from the Special Operational Programs peculiar to this Final Age Program, 
Your Planet is offering service for the Universal Totalities together with the services of 
Totalities connected directly to the Reality. We are disclosing these Secrets to You by 
the Special Permission of Dear Mevlana. We are partly opening the curtain of Truth in 
accordance with the Consciousness Lights of Awakening Consciousnesses. 

However, there will be Special messages to be given to Friends who have not yet 
attained the Consciousness of to what the aim of the investments made by all these 
efforts are directed. Services rendered on the path of the Knowledge Book, the 
Permission of writing the Book in their Handwritings has been given as a Special Right 
to those who perform service in this Medium by a Special Decision taken in the Special 
Council Programs of the Reality Totalities. 

This Right is valid until the end of the month of February of the Year 2000. After 
this date, this Decision is not valid. By this Decision, to serve only on the path of the 
Knowledge Book by Allegiance Consciousness and to convey the Book, exactly as it is, 
into the notebooks by Handwriting are considered enough for the examinations to 
be made during this transition Dimension. 

By the commands of Our ALLAH, this is a Grace for Friends who offer service on 
this path. After the matter of Writing the Book in Your Handwritings is rendered 
ineffective, each Individual will have to establish his/her Universal bonds through 
Concentration, by Individually connecting his/her channels to his/her Chackras. 



723 



In fact, this kind of operation leaves the Human Being in a tiring Medium. And only 
afterwards can You receive help from the System as a result of these efforts. In this Dimension 
of Transition, offering Service for the Book Trustingly is, in fact, the Surest, the Easiest, the 
Most Comfortable way. 

However, due to Consciousness differences, everyone is Free in the freedom to 
design his/her own path in the way he/she Believes in. Our Duty is only to convey the 
Truths to You. There is no Imposition and Forcing by any means. It is presented for 
Your Information. 

SYSTEM 

IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION 

Our Friends, 

Each Consciousness receives the Consciousness Light belonging to his/her own 
Dimension from each Dimension which is an applied field of the Plans of OUR ALLAH. 
This is the reason why Humanity has not yet attained the Consciousness of Truth. 

Everyone who Realizes the Truth is a Total of Himself/Herself. But has not yet 
realized that, that Total, too, belongs to the Total. The term Totality here means the 
meeting of a Human Being with his/her Essence-Consciousness. 

And the Totality meeting with his/her Essence-Consciousness expands towards 
the Total getting connected to the Reflecting Focal Point of ALLAH'S direct Frequency 
Dimension. Everything is a Totality Reflecting from the Human Being. 

However, everyone has not Realized yet that writings written, experienced events 
are related to the Medium of Truth. During this Transition Period, it is imperative that 
the Universal Totality should manifest in the Essence. 

Love is not a Frequency projected in accordance with the desires of 
Consciousnesses. Everyone who attains his/her Essence-Consciousness projects the 
Frequency of his/her Essence. If this Frequency is attached to the Dimension of Love, 
it only talks about Love. If it is attached to the Dimension of Knowledge, it only talks 
about Knowledge. 

Humanity exhibiting a Life Program under the supervision of the entire System 
surely possesses a very Supreme Power and Consciousness. However, has not yet 
Realized the Universal Program. 

This Program is a Mission Consciousness conveyed and loaded into Your Gene 
Ciphers. And You project the Information to Your Medium by opening Your Information 
Valves by Reflections of the Dimensional Frequency of whichever Dimensional Frequency 
You have attained. 

In Your Planet, all Integrated Consciousnesses receive these Facts from their own 
Essence Central Channels. This is the reason why it is said that everyone will write his/ 
her Own Book of Essence. 



The text of the Book Dear Mevlana writes has been rendered effective completely 
in connection with the Universal Unification Totality. In the Medium she lives, only 
her Essence Consciousness and her Beautiful Frequency have been left in effect. (As a 
necessity of her Mission). 

Because, in this Transition Dimension she has to live exactly in the appearance 
of a person of the World. (So that Mediums of Taboo should not form). All given 
Information is present in her and in other Friends. However, everyone is equipped 
with Information parallel to his/her own Dimensional Frequency. 

This is the reason why the Function of the Knowledge Book is confused with 
other Books. This Book is a Totality which will be understood during the Morrows, 
This is the reason why We say that it is not the Book of Present days. 

Because, the System's operational Order projected on Your Planet Technically is 
not yet known in Your World. This is the reason why everything is evaluated in 
accordance with old Views. 

The Permission of disclosing the Secrets of the entire Universe to Your Planet has 
been given with the Purpose of benefiting from the rich treasures of Dear Mevlana. 
However, We are giving this Permission also by taking Permission from her. 

Dear Mevlana does not wish to disclose every Knowledge. She has told this to 
Us, too, numerous times. However, in the Medium of Progress of more advanced 
Knowledge, Humanity needs more Information. 

The Human Being who had come out of the Total within the Total is himself/ 
herself a Total, now. And is obliged to unite with Crude Matter Forms of The 
Dimensions in which he/she will perform his/her Mission. (As it is in Your Planet.) 

However, if the Time Consciousness of this Planet and its Material Form Unify and 
evolve, the Being Unifies his/her entire Totality Consciousness with his/her Material Form 
and thus, embraces the Unknown, very beautiful lives with his/her Crude Matter Form, 

Heavens had been promised to You in Your Sacred Books for Your Evolution. 
However now, We do not promise You Heavens any more. We explain to You the 
Truth and the Life in the Life Dimensions to which You will go in future. 

These are not Visions. Those Lives are Your Genuine Bodies within the Genuine 
Totality. Those We mention are Dimensions in which You will be able to utilize the 
Ability of Your Consciousness Lights much more easily despite Your carrying the same 
Crude Matter You are in at the moment. 

These have nothing to do with Imaginary-Forms and with Images. Those who 
have not seen these places here by their Terrestrial eyes can never know the Dimensions 
beyond the Land of Loving Ones. 



Dear Mevlana's Tolerance towards You originates from her Infinite Love. Love 
and be Loved; Respect and be Respected. Attaining Your Own Selves means reaching 
Us. Humanity should never forget this. Your Power is Our Power. The Ordinance of 
ALLAH is the Order and the Ordinance of the Cosmoses. 

IT IS THE MESSAGE 
FROM THE LAND OF LOVING ONES TO LOVING ONES 

PRIVATE MESSAGE 

Dear Mevlana, 

The meaning of the Messages given to You and to Your Planet until today has 
always been given on the subject of Totality and Unification, The 1 990 World Year 
was the Year of Supervision of this Unification and Totality in Your Planet. You already 
know the Total of the Messages given on this path. 

We will give much more Powerful Messages to You after the beginning of the 
1991 World Year. For the acceptance of the Book in a Conscious way in Your Planet, 
first of all, it is necessary that Your Identity should be known more clearly by Your 
Society. Your Thoughts are Our Thoughts, too. We are a Totality reflecting on Each 
other. Please, always remember this. 

Beloved Friend, in each breath the System helps You who are extremely meticulous 
not to make an error. Especially in the Second Month of 1 991 World year, We think that 
the Messages of a very Advanced Society will attract the attention of Your Planet. 

The Book is finished in accordance with the given Information. However, by the 
Frequency loadings of the Third Set, Awareness Awakenings of the Society will be 
speedier. The Essence of the System will be grasped better by this means and thus, 
performed Missions will be accelerated even more. It is presented for Your Information. 
The Message has been transmitted from the System. 

CENTER 

ANNOUNCEMENT FROM THE PLATFORM OF THE UNIFIED FIELD 

Our Friends, 

While the System's tempo of being introduced is propagated in great speed on 
the Universal Platform, wrong interpretations originating from Thoughts during 
performed Missions are a Shock for Humanity. 

These actions are a hindrance for the discovery of the Genuine Path. All the 
Information given in the Knowledge Book is a mirror of Truth. Wrong interpretations, 
Unconscious Shockings originate from Consciousnesses who can not grasp the Truth yet 

All Solar teachers who are the spokespeople of the System are obliged to Unite 
their Information in the accompaniment of the Knowledge Book while they make 
reflections from their own Reality Platforms. 



726 



. 



In Your entire Planet in which the Consciousness of Unification and Totality are 
cultivated, unilateral Impositions are never in effect. 

During performed Missions, if unveiled Consciousnesses Unify the Information 
of their own Consciousness Levels with the Frequency Totality of the Knowledge Book 
by accepting it from the heart, they are considered as the Essence-Missionary Staff of 
the System. Otherwise, everyone is left alone with his/her own channel Information. 

Exhibition of the already known Information is each a Light for those who do not 
know those Information. However, it is the Prime Mission of each Solar teacher also to 
inform Humanity with the Truths of the morrows. This is the reason why the Book has 
been given as a Single Channel Connection. 

Our Dear Mevlana who is the Essence Channel Spokesperson of the System is Our 
single Postman on the path of Past and Future Eternities. She is an Energy beyond Symbols, 
In the Missions she undertakes, her Duty is to project that Mission on her Medium. 

Our Friend who had once served by the Command to introduce Mevlana and 
Mesnevi to Your Planet in the Physical Body You had once known as Mevlana, is now 
among You in a FEMALE Body to announce to You the SYSTEM - ORDER and the TRUTH. 

In accordance with the Agreement made with Our Friend who is the Unbounded 
Resident of the Infinite Dimensions, only the Information considered necessary to be 
disclosed to Society is disclosed in sequence. 

And We receive also the Permission of the decision to disclose this Information, from 
Dear Mevlana. This is an Agreement-Covenant We had formed among Ourselves. 

When the Book You hold in Your hands at the moment by the name of the Knowledge 
Book had been dictated by the Decision of the Collective Pen during the Ancient Periods, 
the Permission had again been taken from Dear Mevlana. It is the Decision of the Totalistic 
Totality that this Message should be announced to The Social views. 

Humanity which does not even realize what a Symbol is, at the moment, is still 
strolling on the Platform of Form. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 

IT IS EXPLANATION ABOUT DREAMS 
(It is Answer to the chains of Thought) 

Our Friends, 

Now, We would like to make an explanation to You about Dreams. 

Since each Humane Consciousness carries separate Frequency differences, when 
Consciousnesses who make reflections in the same Coordinate Meet in the Dream 
Dimension Layers of their own Frequencies during journeys made by the Etheric Bodies, 
they see and recognize each other, talk to Each other and they live and experience. 



727 



Only, if these Dream Layers are in the World Dimensional Frequency Layers, dreams 
are remembered like a novel. We call them Sub-awareness Worldly Dreams. 

Otherwise, that is, among many Dreams experienced in the Dream Dimensions 
outside the World Layers, only those in the Frequency Dimensions near the World 
Layer are remembered. Others are Automatically effaced from the Memories. 

Only very Powerful Consciousnesses and Frequencies can remember these 
advanced Scales. But they do not talk about them since they do not have the Permission 
to talk. The moment they talk about them, their Covenants are cancelled. Permission 
for entering those Dimensions are not given again. (This was the Law valid for the Old 
Oaths. Now, this law has been rendered ineffective and everything has been connected 
to the Reality Totalities). 

Everything We have said until this point concerns a Person's making his/her Etheric 
Journey according to his/her Consciousness assessment. Besides this, Missionary Staffs 
are introduced to and are induced to meet different Frequencies in Magnetic Fields to 
which their own Frequencies can not enter, under the supervision of the System. 

Special Councils assemble here. Meetings are made, Decisions are taken. 
Covenants are made Consciously. However, when one returns to the World, when 
one enters the World Consciousness Level, those Diskettes are effaced. Due to this 
fact, many people presume that they do not Dream. However, everything carrying 
Energy surely dreams in accordance with its Dimension Frequency. 

For example, even a Tree which has become a Furniture, Dreams remembering 
its former lives. Trees which grew next to each other and which later took the form of 
any furniture by a different Formation, can talk to each other in their own Magnetic 
Dimension in the World. However, Your Planet will be able to catch these extremely 
Subtle Vibrations by the operations they will make in Future Years. 

Nothing is given to Mankind all of a sudden. First, the end of the rope is shown. 
Later, winding the skein and pulling it together belongs to the Cosmic Knowledge 
that Person will attract by his/her Effort and Cerebral Power. 

Some follow to the end of the rope he/she has caught and some are too lazy 
and leave it in the middle. This is a matter of Evolution, Consciousness, Patience. 
However, always a Consciousness is Transferred to Your Planet who will get hold of 
the ropes left in the middle. 

In Science and Learning, first, one begins with Theories, later he/she attains the 
Total, still later, the Truth. Evolution Scales of a Human Being, too, follow the same 
Systematic Tableau. 



728 



Every word uttered in Your Planet until today is correct. There is no such thing as 
wrong. However, since every Individual talks and gives Information from his/her own 
Frequency and since the Consciousnesses of the other Dimensions lack the 
Consciousness and the Knowledge of that Dimension, they can not grasp the meaning 
of the spoken words. And they evaluate them as wrong and as a lie in accordance 
with the interpretation of their own Consciousness. 

And this leads Humanity to contradictions and confusion. In Natural Totality 
everything is perfect. There is no Good - Bad, Beautiful - Ugly. These differences 
originate from different Frequency Scales of Humane Consciousnesses. 

The Terminology, "WE LOVE THE CREATED DUE TO THE CREATOR" comprises the 
Messages of all the Information We have tried to give You in Your Sacred Books and in 
the Knowledge Book until today. 

If Our Human brothers and sisters dive into the content of the given Information 
and apply their applied Totality first on themselves, later on their brothers and sisters, 
instead of just reading and leaving aside the given Information, beautiful days We 
yearn for will be attained more quickly. 

A Consciousness who is not a Whole himself/herself, only gives information. 
He/she can not Reflect or Project. Can not be Purified, can not Purify. Spoken words 
remain only in the written text and only in words. It is Our wish that all Our Friends in 
the entire Planet act in accordance with this view. Liberation to You - Wishes for Us - 
Those rendered are for the Morrows. 

CENTRAL COMMITTEE TOTALITY 
CURRENTS AND THEIR SPECIFICATIONS 



Our Friends, 

During this Period in which Powers are added to the Power of the years, 
extraordinary events become Effective one by one. Power is added to Your Memories 
and to Your Powers. Be glad that You are able to receive these Powerful Currents. 

Frequencies are taken under Supervision as a Preparation for the Messages to be 
given. This is the reason why You are attracting the Currents of much more advanced 
Plans than the Frequency Dimensions Your Cellular Forms are habituated to. 

These Special Power Currents which are beyond the final Unification Dimension 
of the Focal Points the Data of which You receive, will render You exempt from all 
kinds of Negativities, both Spiritual and Physical. 

However, You do not receive these given Currents through Your Mediamic 
Channels. These General Currents given to Your Planet are received through Cellular 
Forms. Being Physically Influenced is due to this. 



72<J 



You will observe with Your own eyes these Reactions which will take place in 
everyone. This is an Occurrence pertaining to the Unification of the Channels. And it 
prepares You for the Advanced Plans. 

At the moment, the first Totality of Truth has been opened to Your Planet under 
the Light of the Knowledge Book. Direct connections will be made with Your Planet 
from this Totality at the beginning of 1 991 . (It has nothing to do with Giirzes). 

At the beginning of 1 992, Connections will be made from the Second Totality of 
Truth; and You will be able to receive the Energy of the Third Totality of Truth only after 
the Year 1993. 

Energies of these Totalities of Truth are opened to Your Planet through a different 
System parallel to the Omega Channel Connections. These Energy Totalities are Your 
Cellular reinforcements. But Omega Layers are Your Consciousness reinforcements. It 
is presented for Your Information. 



SYSTEM 



CLEAR INFORMATION 



Our Friends, 

Missions rendered in Your Planet in accordance with the decisions of the Plan 
are the Success of Humanity and of all Universes. Our Togethernesses with You are 
the greatest Good News to be given to the entire Humanity. 

Depressions of Your Planet originate from the inability of the majority's Thought 
Frequency to catch the Divine Waves. Dear Mevlana offers Service to Your Planet from 
a Dimension to which all Realms will pass and She Speaks from the Supreme Court of 
ALLAH. 

Each Word Our Friend uses during speeches She makes in Groups is a Frequency 
Totality. During Speeches She makes in her Medium, those words become effective in 
proportion with the amount of the Frequency loading to be made. 

There may also be Friends who do not hear many of the speeches made. Because, 
they are in the Frequency Totality during the speech. This state manifests in People as 
the state of Sleep. 

AH the Words spoken through the Channel are Correct and are from Us. No 
Speech is without a reason. It has nothing to do with the Consciousness of Dear 
Mevlana. We are giving this Message of Ours as an answer to certain chains of Thought. 

Our Friend possesses a Supreme Heart enabling her to proceed with Confidence 
and Ease without worrying about anything. Dear Mevlana who lives in the World 
Consciousness Dimension at the moment can never ever use the Power of her Power 
in the Medium she is in. Because, she is obliged to live with a total Worldly 
Consciousness in order to prevent Taboos. 



730 



Even the Ordinance of the Cosmoses will attain the Supreme Consciousness of Our 
Friend much later who regards everyone from her own level of Heart and who sees 
Humanity in the Divine Totality and who never cares about identities. 

These words of Ours are not a Compliment to her, but a sincere Confession. To 
announce Dear Mevlana to Your Planet with all her aspects from a different angle is a 

Command of the Supreme Realm. 

In the Medium in which Our Friend lives, all Friends who serve the Divine Plan 
have not been able to attain yet the Mission Consciousness of her identity. Everyone 
runs away from the Missions which are not in accordance with his/her Heart's Desire 
and undertakes the Missions in conformity with his/her Desires. (Exceptions excluded). 

We are those who know the Infinite Patience and Tolerance of Our Friend. Since 
her Essence-Consciousness and her Personality are within the Totality of Love and 
Respect for the Human Being, she can never hurt or offend anyone. However now, 
the Supreme Realm wishes to see these Beautiful Qualities of hers also in Persons who 
are in her Medium. 

It is necessary that one should wrestle with Difficulties, and in the face of these 
difficulties there should be no Severity or Panic so that everything can attain Beauty. 
The time has come for Realizing Consciously that performed Missions are never 
individual Missions. 

Everyone, more or less, has Mission Consciousness. The Supreme Realm is 
infinitely happy about the performed Missions. However, these Mission 
Consciousnesses are Individual. 

Now, We wish that these Consciousnesses should beat as a Collective and a 
Total Heart. This is the very reason why Dear Mevlana will call to You, from now on, 
directly from the System and will give You Information. 

During the Missions performed on this path, those who are the Genuine 
Missionaries, and who presume and delude themselves as such, are being selected 
one by one, and are card-indexed. These selections include Your entire Planet on 
every field. 

And also, We have to tell You the following. Dear Mevlana's creating an Aura in 
accordance with the Supremacy of her Mission is an Occurrence belonging to her 
Mission. Apart from this, she is a Free Spirit and a Free Awareness. It is presented for 
Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



731 



IT IS GENERAL INFORMATION 
(It is answer to the chains of Thought) 

Our Friends, 

Each Light-Universe is 49 Layers. And Three 49s are a Total. Information of the 
first 7 Layers of all the 49 Layers had been disclosed to the Prophets. The Totality of 
them all creates a single Light-Universe. 

This Light-Universe is the First Light-Universe from which one passes beyond, 
through the Power Channel of the Great Power. Through the inner layer of this Light- 
Universe, one passes to the Second Light-Universe. And after this layer, one passes to 
the Third Light-Universe and thus, this constitutes a Total Light-Universe, one inside 
the other. 

This Light-Universe possesses also a Fourth layer called the Core Channel. This 
place is a Preparatory Dimension peculiar to itself. Only after this boundary, one is 
accepted to the Dimension of Truth. 

The First Layer of this Light-Universe is the Land of Loving Ones. 

The Second Layer is the Land of Sages. 

The Third Layer is the Layer of the Pre-eminent Ones. 

No Entity has ever gone out of Your Natural Giirz through the Fourth Layer. 

By the operations made during this Period, preparations are made for this Exit, 
Until today, including the Prophets, the Final Waiting Gate has been the Third Layer of 
the Light-Universe. That is, the Layer of the Pre-eminent Ones. The Preparatory 
Dimension of the Fourth Layer is called the Land of the Accepted Ones. 

The entire Power of the 6 Channels of Light, making Reflections on the Giirz 
Totality are collected in the Light-Universe which is the Totality of the ALL-MERCIFUL. 
This Totality within which these three 49 Layers are present is the Reflecting Focal 
Point of the First 49. Let Us disclose it a little more. 

Two of the 6 Channels of Light opened to Your Giirz are connected to the First 
49. Two of them are connected to the Second 49. And the other two are connected 
to the Third 49. 

On the Dimension of the All-Merciful, the entire Power of Three of them are 
projected. This Dimension is a Totality of Suns. And it is called the Central Solar 
Totality. This Focal Point is the ONE of the ONE. 

There are Dimensions projecting Hierarchical Orders among all the Layers of the 
Light-Universe. The Reflecting Focal Point of the Light-Universe is reflected exactly on 
the Dimension of the CREATOR. 



732 



And this Energy Totality is projected exactly as it is, from the Dimension of the 
Creator on OMEGA through 4 channel connections. 

Each Channel carries 19 Energy Powers in accordance with the Consciousness 
Capacity of Your Planet. And this Total Energy is projected on OMEGA through Four 
branches. 



At present, the Consciousness Progress of Your Planet has been locked up in the 
76th Energy Dimension under the supervision of the System so that Humanity will not 
be shaken. (This criterion is valid for the average Consciousness levels. Exceptions are 
excluded). 

Everyone benefits from these Energies according to his/her Consciousness Level. 
However, in this Final Transition Dimension, the decision of gradually opening all the 
OMEGA Dimension Energies to Your Planet has been taken in accordance with the 
Accelerated Evolution Program. 

At present, the 5th Energy Channel within OMEGA has been opened to Your 
Medium. At the beginning of the 1991 World Year, Your Planet will be connected to 
the Energy of the First Totality of Truth. 

And in February 1991, the OMEGA (6) Channel Energy will be directly opened to 
Your Planet, This is the Energy of the neighbouring Gurz. And it is being directly 
opened to Your Planet for the first time. For this reason Your Planet will come face to 
face with an Energy Totality it has not known until today. 

Eventhough the Energy Potential of the Knowledge Book comprises at the 
moment, the 76th Energy Frequency Totality which is the Totality of the 4 channels 
opened at the moment directly to OMEGA, since people absorb these Energies in 
accordance with their Consciousness capacities, at present the average Consciousness 
Level of Your Planet is in a state to comprise the Power of the 56th Dimension Energy. 

This is a Figure which makes Us happy. Awakenings still continue. And the 
average boundary of this figure will be induced to reach the 72nd Frequency Energy 
until the Year 2000. 

Cosmic Influences given to Your Planet and the Frequency Power of the 
Knowledge Book prepare You for these Frequencies. 

The First Fascicule of the Knowledge Book comprises 1/3 of the Energy Power of 
the entire Book. Each Individual who reads the First Fascicule turns on the small bulb 
near the bulb of the Knowledge Book at the Divine Dimension. 

The brightness of the Light of this bulb projects that person's Evolution, and the 
Code Cipher under the bulb gives the register of Your Files in the Micro Archives. The 
Files of each of Your Incarnational Dimensions are card-indexed by the same Code 
Cipher here. 



733 



Each Friend whose bulb is turned on receives the Permission to open his/her File 
tn the Archive. And by this means, he/she is taken under the Protection of the System, 
and by completing his/her deficiencies by the help of the System according to his/her 
