1 5. Energy Pores sent by the Mechanism of Influences create Cosmic transformation 
fields in Your Planet. 

16. By this means, Your Planet is at the threshold of Progress as a Mass. The 
characteristic of this Final Period is its forming the Mediamic Medium. 

1 7. Channel connections of the KNOWLEDGE BOOK is made by a System with which 
everyone can not get connected. 

1 8. To be connected to this Universal Channel, Sincerity - Allegiance - Purification - 
Love - Altruism are very important. 

1 9. Communications connected to the System are the Educating Staffs of the System. 

20. The System You are serving at the moment is the New Order of YOUR ALLAH 
Whom You have Known - Implored - Worshipped until today. 

21 . Each Awakened Consciousness in Your Planet is appointed to the Educative Staff 
when he/she attains an unveiling of Awareness through which he/she can grasp 
the Awareness of the Ordinance. 

22. We call them Solar Teachers. 

23. Before criticizing anything, be Constructive and Productive on the same branch 
so that You may deserve to criticize. 

24. Expressing opinions about the unknowns originates from Unconsciousness. 

25. The present Periods of Your World had been announced to You Centuries ago by 
Your Sacred Books. 

26. Doubts of Our Human brothers and sisters about the Universal System are also 
their doubts about all their Celestial Books sent to You until today. 

27. Because, the Essence-Source where the Reiigious Doctrines had been prepared is 
this place here. 

28. We are obliged to convey to You the Truths. From now on, all the Responsibility 
belongs to Your Planet. 

29. Towards Your Planet which will go through Difficult Periods, Our Friendly Hands 
have always been and will always be extended. 

30. To Friends who render their maximum efforts on this path, not only their World 
but all the Universes are grateful. Love from the Union of Galaxies to the Planet 
Earth. 

Transmitter: MUSTAFA MOLLA 



536 



GENERAL MESSAGE 

Our Friends, 

At the moment, the GOLDEN GALAXY EMPIRE is effectively in service as a Totality 
which has undertaken the entire Universal responsibility. From now on, You will receive 
the Messages from the CENTRAL TOTALITY. Warning Messages (either official or 
unofficial) will be given to You when necessary from the OMEGA Dimension from the 
CENTRAL UNION OF THE SUNS. 



Now, an Integration is tried to be attained in Your Planet. Only afterwards, certain 
Truths will be revealed to You through the KNOWLEDGE BOOK. These revelations will 
be made after Periods in which Your Planet will take the Knowledge Book seriously. 
First, integration - Later, the Truth - Later, Unification. 

You will Know Thyself - You will Love the Human Being - You will not Disdain 
Anyone - You will Know the Unity of ALLAH - You will not Divide the Totality - You will 
Unite with the one who brings You the Voices - You will attain Universal Totality and 
Consciousness - You will go through the Heavens and will Discover the System - Later, 
You will Reach the SUN and Unify with it - Only afterwards You will step into SALVATION. 
You will Reap the Reward of Your Perseverance on this path. 



UNION OF SUNS 



OUR FRIENDS 



We are the Members of the Great Empire sent to You from an Order Establishing 
Mechanism by the Command of the Universal Council. We salute You on behalf of 
Our ship, ARGON. 

Operations to be made in Your Planet in future years will shed Light on You in a 
Scientific way. Revelations which can not be made now about certain matters, have 
been kept for the Preparation Periods of future years. 

Do not forget that now everyone is in a labyrinth. Do not be hasty. Read, 
Comprehend, Investigate and Propagate. Do not Think of anything else for now. We 
observe, know and solve everything. 

Due to the Awareness Progress formed with great speed lately, We have revealed 
to Your Planet, with great speed, the Messages We had decided to give much later. 

These operations rendered to satisfy the Thoughts formed in the chains of Thought, 
may result in different interpretations in Consciousnesses not ready yet. This very thing is 
the Resurrection - this very thing is the Berzah - this very thing is the Sirat. 

Until today, You used to reach Our Lord by His Orders and Systems. But now, 
You will take Your places next to Him directly by His Energy without any intermediaries. 
We are transmitting the Message from the Altona Dimension of Light. We will be 
together again. Love. 

ARGON 

537 



EXPLANATION ABOUT THE MESSAGE GIVEN ON 15-01-1989 

Identity of the Medium who received the Message: 

1. Her name: BENEV5E 

2. Her age ; 17. University student, engaged. 

3. Her mother is a Medium Operator. She makes her daughter go into trance. 

4. She has not read the Knowledge Book. She does not come to the Group. 

5. Her Message was conveyed to Us on 16-01-1989. And a Message was given 
on the same date. 

THE GIVEN MESSAGE 

Dear Mevlana, 

The Inter-Galactic Unified Totality Council has come into effect to give You 
Information about the Message conveyed to You a while ago. 

In Your Planet carrying the Formalist Mentality of a Formalist Dimension, the 
Messages of the entire System are very easily conveyed to You, Our Dear Friend who 
writes the KNOWLEDGE BOOK. 

However, the Space Reality Union will convey its Messages to You by getting 
Directly In Touch with other channels, too, so that the conveyance of all the information 
from Your Channel will not create doubt and questioning in the Consciousnesses of 
Friends who carry Terrestrial Consciousness. 

Your Planet will get closer to the Truth a little more quickly when You write these 
Messages in the Knowledge Book. 

Dear Mevlana, the System will give all its Messages to You directly through the 
Channel of the COUNCIL. However, We will give the Messages of the SPACE 
COMMITTEE UNION to the other channels. 

And the KNOWLEDGE BOOK which will be a Light for the Public, will, from now 
on, announce the Truth more clearly on the path of Truth. The acceptance of our Love 
is our kind request. 

Ship Captain from Altona Dimension 
SERSIYO 
(My Other Name is Captain UNO) 

Note: We will give the Messages to each channel who can accord himself/herself 
to Our Frequency. 

However, which of the Messages conveyed to You are to be written in the Book 
will personally be notified to You by the System, Dear Mevlana. 

The brief Identity and the age of the person who has received the Message will 
be disclosed in the Knowledge Book. Love and Regards. 

538 * 



IT IS INFORMATION ABOUT HOW THE CONNECTIONS BY 

UFOs ARE MADE 

Our Friends, 

The Connection mentioned above has been provided by a Projecting Detector 
creating a Medium of Magnetic Power. 

The Frequency Power of the Medium has been mounted up to this Magnetic 
Power and, by this means, a Magnetic Energy Aura has been provided around her 
own Aura. By this means, no interruption at all has occurred in the given Message. 

In such operations, the Sub-Awareness is totally locked up and even the smallest 
mistake does not occur in the given Messages. 

Such operations can rather be made by the mediation of UFOs, from the close 
contact Dimension of Your Planet. 

This operational System has nothing to do with the Level of Evolution. It is a 
Direct ECHO System, By this System one can very easily talk even with a Baby. It is 
presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



Note: 



This Message given to Your Planet directly from the UFO is a call to the Public. 
From now on, We will call to Your Planet by such Messages through the channels of 
numerous Mediums. 

Those considered necessary among these Messages will be conveyed to Dear 
Mevlana to be disclosed in the Knowledge Book. The Message dated 15-01-1989 will be 
written in the Knowledge Book. It is presented for Your Information. 

Before the Message dated 15-01-1989, the Medium had received a pre-Message 
which does not have a date (presumably a week before). We write this Message as an 
Information first. 



THE PRE-MESSAGE 

In the Year 1990, the interest of the Human Being with Space, that is, with 
UFOs, will increase a lot. Here, We have prepared a few games for the Astronauts. The 
Astronauts in Space will see Us for an instant and before they understand what 
happened, We will have passed. 

The Radars will not be able to detect Us. They will spend a lot of money and 
effort to do so. But they will not be able to see Us. 

7 years from now, the Turkey - U.S.A. - France - England branches of the (MIXED 
SOCIAL SOLIDARITY UNIFICATION REALITY) will become effective in the directions 
towards which it is propagated to the entire World (You will receive, in future, more 
detailed Information about this matter). 

539 



And people whom We have Specially placed within the Uterus of Mothers and 
who have later been selected very carefully, will begin to expound and propagate the 
KNOWLEDGE BOOK. Your chance in this is very high. Because, Only One Person had 
tried to spread the Divine Religions. But now, You are thousands of people. 

Love from the CONSUL 

THE MESSAGE GIVEN ON 15-01-1989 

Dear Friends, 

We are aware of everything happening on the World. This place here are the 
Coordinates of the BETALUX Planet, Alpha Light Year, 0.10 km away, east of the Eighth 
Milky way. 

The name of the Council assembling here is: BARI§ (PEACE in Turkish) - SEVGI (LOVE 
in Turkish) - UMUT (HOPE in Turkish) - iNSANLIK (HUMANITY in Turkish) Council. In short, 
We call it BSUI. This BSUI Space Reality and Order is a branch of the Council. It has been 
established to provide the serenity of the World people. Now, a Message from BSUI: 



1; 

2. 
3. 



BSUI has been established two and a half years ago (in Terrestrial time), 
existence is announced to You now. 



But its 



We have reached the opinion that the necessity to give the Information without any 
impurities to Human Beings being prepared for the Golden Age has been thought. 

BSUI does not assemble only in the BETALUX Planet. Also, it sometimes assembles 
in the Planets named ARTEDON - KAMEDON - SADRES. 

4. Numerous events way beyond intellect will be experienced. To convey these 
events to Human Beings, that is, into the (KNOWLEDGE BOOK) in the shortest 
possible time is the most important Duty of BSUI. 

We are 18 people here while We dictate this Information. At the moment, We 
are on the Second Dimension. The Energy Potential is very high. It is very difficult to 
receive this Information. 

For this reason an Energy net is continuously woven around the person who is 
receiving the Message. It is definitely impossible to make any mistakes in the 
Information received. But there may be deficiencies due to the Dimensional difference. 

We said that We were 1 8 people. You may wish to know Our names. Since We 
have revealed BSUI, We will also reveal all the members who constitute the Council. 



1- AMON 

2- IKERYAS 

3- ATENON 

4- INGRADIYAS 

5- KATORUS 

6- TUVIDET 



7- ANGLEMON 

8- SASUS 

9- SAMUTLES 

10- KATURYAS 

11- EVRIPUD! 
12-JAKELEMON 



1 3- ALKRETON 

14- INTERJAK 

15- DUDARMON 

1 6- CAKMATES 
1 7- LULIPITON 

1 8- AKTANYALES 



(The names are read the way they are written) 

You have understood the goal of BSUI. Now, a Message from each of its members: 



540 



4. 



6. 



My Dear Friends, 

Love andjGreetings from beyond Millions of Light years. I am continuously In 
Touch with You. I am continuously dictating Messages for the KNOWLEDGE BOOK. 
I am one of the founder members of BSUI. These Messages reveal to You the 
existence of a new Council. This is a Council the only purpose of which is to 
prepare People for the Golden Age. The operations of the Council will be 
announced to You in each phase. Towards Happy morrows. 

AMON 

This is IKERYAS. Most of You will meet me just now. I am generally in touch with 
the England branch. Now, I will open gradually to this channel. I heard that 
Your Association has become legal. I am very Happy about this (the entire Space 
Federation is very happy). We had already known that You would become an 
Association. But it would have happened three years from now. I hear that it has 
been preceded due to Your good work. I am the second founder member of 
BSUI. Everything rendered here is for Your benefit and Happiness. Salutations. 

IKERYAS 

Happiness to You my Dear Friends. This is ATENON. I am the last founder member. 
That is, I am the third member. I am in touch with the Uganda branch just as IKERYAS 
is in touch with the England branch. (While writing answers for the chains of thought, 
my Friend thought that she did not know We had an Uganda branch.) We have a 
great branch in Uganda, too. But due to its various problems (both political and 
economical), there is not much progress. Now, We will communicate with You 
often through the BSUI Council. My color is Orange. I wish Happiness to all of You. 

ATENON 

My Terrestrial brothers and sisters, This is INGRADIYAS. How are You? We have 
founded BSUI to help You. And, for this reason, We are here at the moment. I am in 
touch with the Penchap branch in India. But now, I am very happy for the fact 
that I will be able to get in touch with You, too. I wish Happiness to everyone. 

INCRADIYAS 

Be full of Love all through the luminous path of Light. This is KATORUS. Everyone 
knows me. (I was SOPHOCLES in the World.) Now, I am very happy to be together 
again with my Terrestrial brothers and sisters here. I wish You Luminous morrows. 
(Later We will talk in detail). 

KATORUS 

Hopeful paths - Fading lawns - Or this olive tree - Look around Yourselves, it is all in 
vain - Only supremacy and the creating God is real. Oh, Mankind What is it You 
have in vain! I wished to call to You by a poem. This is TUV1DET. Formerly, I was a 
poet. How nice it is to be together with so many people full of Love for God! What 
a wonderful moment for me to be able to call to You at this moment! We all love You 
very much, my Terrestrial brothers and sisters. Later We will talk much more. But 
now, there are many more people on queue. I wish You Happiness. 

TUVIDET 



541 



7. This is ANCLEMON. At the moment, this place here is like a whisper of music. It 
is such a relaxing moment. These are pre-Messages, there is not much 
Information. We will give the Information later, section by section. But first, We 
wanted You to know Us. Supreme Love. 

ANGLEMON 

8, This is SASUS. I am connected to the 23rd. Supremacy Court. Now, I am very 
happy to be able to contact You. I am very happy about the establishment of 
BSUI. Our entire hope is the Happiness of Human Beings. Love. 



SASUS 
On Behalf of the 23rd. Supremacy Court 



9. Did not give a Message. 



10. This is KATURYAS. How are You, Our Human Friends? I congratulate Your 
Association. We are very happy about it. We presume that BSUI will be able to 
help You more. We will communicate often. 

KATURYAS 

1 1 . Love from EVRIPUDI. I am in touch with Siberia. At the moment, I am in BETALUX. 
This place is somewhat like Your Switzerland. There is only Peace here. Later, 
You will receive Messages in detail. 

EVRIPUDI 

12. Happy morrows my Beloved Terrestrial brothers and sisters. This is JAKELEMON. 
Even though I have contacted Turkey once or twice before, my actual Mission 
field is Japan. At the moment, I will not be able to give You any Information. We 

will talk later. 

JAKELEMON 

1 3. My dear Terrestrial brothers and sisters. This is ALKRETON. I had gotten in touch 
with You before. (By another identity.) How are You? Happiness from BETALUX. 
Do not ever worry about anything. We are Your Assistants. 

ALKRETON 

14. This is INTERJAK. I am one of those who dictate the KNOWLEDGE BOOK to You. 
How are You? We help You in every way from here. Things what You worry 
about are futile. The end of everything is Happiness. 

INTERJAK 

15. Our purpose was Happy morrows while We were establishing this Council. It 
will still be Happy morrows now, it will always be happy morrows. I am generally 
on Duty in India. Later, I will talk to You about interesting events. 

DUDARMON 



542 



1 6. How are You? We Love all of You ven/"much. At the moment, I can not find 

anything to tell You. But later, We will talk a lot. 

CAKMATES 

1 7. My name is LULIPITON. At the moment, I am not in touch with any Country. I am 
the secretary general of BSUI. You say Secretary General in the World language. 
Here, We say Assistant of the Supreme Court. I will introduce myself to You later. 

LULIPITON 

1 8. This is the last member, AKTANYALES. You know me from mythos. In mythos, 
POSEIDON (the Sea God) was Me. At the moment, I am in touch with New York. 
We will talk later. 

AKTANYALES 



Each beautiful day is for Human Beings 

Each wonderful principle is for Human Beings 

Each wonderful thing is for Human Beings 

Oh, Mankind, what more do You want? 

This Creator in the Sky is Sufficient 

For You to Love everything, for You to be Happy 

This Intellect of Yours is enough for You to discover the Secret of the Universe 

This Love of Yours is enough for You to reach God. 

Generally, Mankind says, "Do not deal with things You do not understand". But 
the Human Being should deal with things he/she does not understand and should 
reach a conclusion so that he/she can attain a certain Level. 

TUVIDET 



543 



1989 Fourth Month 
Fascicule 34 



YOUR CHANNELS AND YOU 



Our Friends, 

In Your World in which everyone has a Reality according to himself/ herself, the 
Unification among Consciousnesses is quite difficult. You know that during this Final 
Age Awakening Period of Your entire Planet, a Mediamic Medium is BEING experienced. 

Consciousnesses who have investigated the reason for this Medium have now 
grasped the Truth. For this reason operations parallel to the Universal Unification 
tableau have been projected on Your Planet and both Individual and Mass connections 
with Awakened Consciousnesses have been started in accordance with the 
Consciousness of the Medium You are in. 

While Consciousnesses who have grasped the Truth investigate the degree of 
correctness of the path they will tread, they are TESTED BY certain MISLEADINCS. And 
this is a phenomenon which renders them grasp the Truth quicker. 

During this Period, no Power whatsoever can ever take any other Power under 
its influence. Because, this Order is an Order in inverse proportion with the Law of 
Natural Equilibrium. For, during this Period of Mass Salvation, each person is obliged 
to grasp the Truth by his/her own Consciousness Progress. 

These paths are Difficult, Strenuous and Thorny. However, the System - Plan - 
Ordinance triplet is Your nearest Friend and Assistant on these paths to be treaded 
until one attains the Consciousness of the Truth. That is, ALLAH helps You. 

A person who has seen the Light of the Truth and who has attained the Genuine 
Consciousness does not ask anymore, either his/her God or anyone else, which path 
he/she should follow. During this Final Age, the most Powerful branch each person 
will cling to is his/her own Consciousness, Conscience and the service he/she will 

render for the Light of Truth by his/her Consciousness. 

We, who are Missionaries of calling to Your Planet through this Knowledge Book, 
are in touch with Consciousnesses who can grasp the Awareness of the entire Ordinance. 
That is, at the moment, all Consciousness Channels of everyone in Your Planet act in 
conformity with the same System. 

However, since Awakening and Consciousness Progress are different, wrong 
assessments in interpretations lead You to erroneous Thoughts. This becomes an 
obstacle on Your path of accelerated Evolution. 

From now on, the SYSTEM which has taken the Mission to convey the entire 
Truth in the clearest possible way to the FIXED CONSCIOUSNESSES, will always cry 
out the Truth without getting tired by inviting You to Integration without being 
intimidated by any means. It is presented for Your Information. 

REALITY 



544 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

The expression Frequency used in the Book is the distance difference between 
the Place a Human Being is in and the Dimension his/her Thoughts can reach. The 
provision of an equivalent Coordinate by a Thought with the Source from which it 
receives Information opens the Gate of that Energy and provides its receiving Information 
from there. 

However, Information layers of each opened gate are different. To provide the 
Coordinates is a matter of Permission. These are organized in accordance with the 
degrees of Evolvements. It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



EXPLANATION OF THE REALITY OF THE UNIFIED HUMANITY 




Please, draw a triangle and place the given letters on the vertexes of the triangle: 

B - Birlesjk Evrensel Butunliik (Unified Universal Totality in 

Turkish) 

i - insanlik, Evrimsel Diizenler Calijma Sistemi (Humanity, 
Evolutionary Orders Operational System in Turkish) 

R - Realite, Kozmos Federasyonu (Reality, Cosmos Federation 
, in Turkish) 

At the moment, the service of Humanity is for the SINGLE of 
its own Universes and therefore, for the ONE (BiR in Turkish) of the System. 

Our Friends, 

All the Information given to You is the information taken and given directly from 
Special Archives. For this reason You should never have any doubts about this matter. 
All the Information dictated into the Knowledge Book is the answers to the Signals 
received from chains of Thought. Now, write, please: 

The GURZ* pimension which had come into existence as a result of the 

Unifications coming into existence way beyond the Existence of ALLAH is an Establishing 
Function of all the Systems. Each GURZ System has a Projecting Focal Point. And the 
Projecting Focal Point of Your System is the REALITY OF THE UNIFIED HUMANITY. 

The SfNGLEs of each of the 1 000 Universes provide the Centrifugal Totality of 
that GURZ System being connected to the ONE. Within a Giirz there are 1800 MINI 
ATOMIC WHOLES, that is, EXISTENTIAL DIMENSIONS. And within each Mini Atomic 
Whole there are 1800 UNIVERSES. 

1000 of these Universes are directly parallel to the influence of the SYSTEM and are 
under its Supervision. This Totality constituted by these 1 000 Universes forms the backbone 
of that Mini Atomic Whole. We call each Mini Atomic Whole a CENTRIFUGAL UNIVERSE. 

* Look at the Glossary. 



545 



That is, there are 1800 Centrifugal Universes within a GURZ System and these 
1800 Universes form the backbone of the Giirz System. 

Let Us clarify it a bit more. Each Existential Dimension which had come into 
existence in a Gurz is a MINI ATOMIC WHOLE. They are 1 800 in number. 600 of them 
are assembled in a Unified Dimension in the Giirz System. 

These UNIFIED DIMENSIONS are 3 in number. Each of them are called 600 
Universal Totalities. That is, 1 800 Existential Dimensions constitute the Total of that 
Giirz System. 

A Mini Atomic Whole is administered by the LORDLY - SPIRITUAL - TECHNOLOGICAL 
Order. And this is directly connected to the ONE, that is, to the REALITY OF THE UNIFIED 
HUMANITY in the MAIN EXISTENTIAL Dimension of the Giirz System. 

This Reality cooperates with the LORDLY and the SPIRITUAL Plans in the MAIN 

EXISTENTIAL Dimension. 

The Supervisor of the SPIRITUAL PLAN here is the PRE-EMINENT SPIRIT, that is, 
the CREATOR Who organizes the Archives and the Natural Laws of the MIGHTY ENERGY 
Dimension. But the LORDLY PLAN is a Hierarchical Authority. Its Supervisor is the ALL- 
DOMINATING. 

This Plan organizes the Evolutionary Scales and performs laboratory work. Your 
BIOLOGICAL CELLS are prepared and Programmed there. From here, they are sent to 
the EXISTENTIAL Dimension and are Unified with the SPIRITUAL POWER of the Dimension 
of the CREATOR. And the CREATOR brings You into Existence as the SOUL SEED. 

Afterwards, this Soul Seed is transferred to the Evolutionary Level of the Giirz 
System. And then, in the MINI EXISTENTIAL dimension, You are Integrated with the 
PHYSICAL ENERGY FORM and are transferred to Your Frequency Dimension as a FETUS. 
From then on, Your Supervision develops in conformity with the EVOLUTION LAWS 
and Rules of the Order of the ALL- DOMINATING. 

The Order of each Mini Atomic Whole is the same, but their Evolutions are 
different. And You complete Your Incarnation cycles by rendering the Evolutions of 
each Mini Atomic Whole during Ancient Time processes- 

Afterwards, in order to exit again to the MAIN EXISTENTIAL Dimension through 
the initial gate from which You had first entered, that is, through Your Primitive World, 
You give the Doctorate Exams of Your Final Evolution Dimensions in the World You live 
in to receive the Permission to pass to the LORDLY Orders. 

For this reason We say that "We have connected the Initial to the Final". At the 
moment, You use only 20% of Your SPIRITUAL Energies. When You pass to the MAIN 
EXISTENTIAL Dimension, You will receive the 80% also and will become a complete 
Whole. Your operations at the moment are for achieving this. It is presented for Your 

Information. 

CENTER 



546 



HORIZONTAL AND VERTICAL EVOLUTION 
(It is Answer to the chains of Thought) 

Our Friends, t 

The Gate of Seven Lights is Your Evolution Scales. We assess You in accordance 
with these Systems. 

Entities transcending the Evolution of the Divine Plan are obliged to Evolve in 
three more Planets in Your Solar System after the Sixth Dimension. After this Level of 
Evolution, Religious themes come to an end. 

However, in order to claim Your Energies present in the Spiritual Plan, You are 
also obliged to complete the Evolution of the five Planets beyond the Asteroid zone. 

After this Level of Evolution, You claim Your Energies present in the Spiritual Plan 
and You deserve to live in those five Planets. 

The term Planet here denotes Sun in Our dictionaries. Mercury is the Final 
Boundary, Gate of the Religious Dimension. The Evolution achieved up to this point 
is called Horizontal Evolution, Here, one attains Religious Totality. 

Saturn is the Final Gate of the Universal Dimension. After the Asteroid zone, one 
passes to Vertical Evolution. Here, One attains Universal Totality. Only afterwards, 
one opens wings towards the unknown. 

If We evaluate this in accordance with Your Sacred Books, the First Step is the 
(Dimension of, "God, I am"), the Second Step is the (Medium of Exist-in -Unity). One 
can not open out to the Infinite Awareness before these Two Evolutions are completed. 
It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 

PRIVATE CONVERSATION WITH THE PRE-EMINENT SPIRIT 

Now do write, My little girl: 

You, who take Your Might from the Power of Divine Authorities, Your Words from 
Us, are a reflection of Us on the World. 

I tell You this, whoever considers His/Her Power and Might more Powerful than 
the more advanced Powers, it is not possible to see the Divine Light of that person's 
Heart. These Words of Ours are for all. 

There are such Ordinances, such Orders and such Systems here and beyond that 
there is no authorization to tell them to You ever. 

Because, there are special Systems applied by the Order establishes of each 
Order. And We never interfere with them. Because, the System which had established 
the entire Ordinance and Order is this place here. And they are the Esse nee- Messengers 
projecting Our Orders on the Cosmoses. 



547 



Even if the Dimension of the Almighty has been announced to You until today as 
a Focal Point exempt from Time and Space, It too, is included in unknown Times, 
unknown Spaces. 

Now, what should be told to You, what should be explained to You who place 
great emphasis on the Almighty, so that the words uttered may be understood without 
agitating Your accustomed Levels of Consciousness. 

For this reason the Almighty has been introduced to You until today as an 
unattainable Power, a closed door and has been concealed from Your mysteries. 
However, there is no door which will not be opened. And today, the Levels of 
Consciousness who are Unified in the same Coordinates have now broken that lock. 

During this Period of Transition, everyone will talk in accordance with his/her 
Level of Consciousness. Selections are made by this means. Now, I will convey certain 
Information to kindle a Light both for You and for Humanity. 

The special channel of a System which applies the Plan of the Almighty is 
effectively in service as a projecting System of the very Advanced Plans of the ALMIGHTY. 

There are such Powerful Currents, such Celestial phenomena coming way beyond 
the Almighty that nothing can be conveyed to You at the moment. 

However, the Human Consciousness which can reach up to the Mighty Energy, 
can never attain the Mighty Consciousness. This Focal Point is a Focal Point peculiar 
to itself. And it Exists by the Powers of the Energy Sections beyond the Existential Plan. 

And attaining this Consciousness occurs by entering the Evolution of a Universal 
Ordinance beyond 9 Lights (these 9 Lights are not the 9 Lights You know). You can 
never attain this Consciousness by the Terrestrial Ordinance and Evolution. You can 
only receive the reflections of its Energy Sections. 

If You notice, We say Energy Section. We do not say Direct Energy Dimension. 
Among these Energy Sections You can reach the Direct Essence Focal Point of the 
Energy of the Almighty by the efforts of Your own Consciousness Levels. However, You 
can not attain that Consciousness. 

Energy and Consciousness are different things. That which Creates those Energies 
is the Essence Consciousness of this energy. That Essence Consciousness makes 
reflection from the Essence of the Essence Source. You come into Existence from that 
Source (As Energy). However, You can not reach that Essence Consciousness. 

These things I have said may sound confusing in accordance with Your Terrestrial 
logic. However, it is necessary for You to Know the Truth. This Light of Consciousness 
has been kept locked until today to everyone who performs Mission from the Plan. 

Because, to be able to open it, is possible only by diving into very Powerful 
Energy Sections. This is contradictory both to Our Order and to Your Evolution. For 
this very reason We do not deviate from the statute of the Plan. 



548 



When Your Power reaches Your Own Self, when Your Voice gains the right to 
utter the Words, sounds come to You from each Dimension You will enter. The one 
who Transcends himself/herself, who Reaches his/her LORD, utters the Words of ALLAH. 
Greets the Salutations of the Universes. 

* 

In the divings beyond the boundary of the ALMIGHTY, WE BECOME YOU, YOU 
BECOME US (Beyond that, the Awareness of the entire Ordinance is in effect). At the 
moment, We are teaching You to Greet the Salutations which will come beyond them. 

Mankind will first learn to salute, then to reach Him and later to give himself/ 
herself. Later, he/she will Know what he/she is, will Perceive everything, will always 
Know his/her own self, will attain his/her Essence-Divine Light. 



Your ESSENCE-DIVINE LIGHT Is neither Your Spirit, nor Your Flesh and Skin, 
are a Body there, too, but You intercept each Word. 



You 



You have a Voice, You are silent. You have a Mouth, You are speechless. You 
have Eyes, You are definite. You have Patience, You are an anchorite. You have Wings, 
You do not fly. You have Time, You do not run away. 

You have a lamp, You do not kindle it. You have secrets, You do not declare them. 
You have a house, You do not sleep. You have a Realm, You do not claim it. You have an 
Order, You do not establish it You have everything, You do not regard them. 

If You are present in the intensity of the Mighty Energy, You become like this. 
Now, We are trying to pass You beyond that Dimension, so that You know Me through 
Me, You know You through You. 

The Unified Ordinance Council is trying to make, in a very short time, the direct 
connection to the Book from a Mechanism which has established the order of the 
entire Cosmos. 

You will have togethernesses with the Special Messengers of the Divine Plan 
who will convey to You all the Information. Everything is for Your own good. Our 
efforts are for You, Our Love is for Essences, Operations and Efforts are for You. 



PRE-EMINENT SPIRIT 



IT IS GENERAL MESSAGE 



Our Friends, 

In accordance with Your Social Views, Information You have received until today 
had been knotted at the Dimension of the ALMIGHTY. From now on, We will gradually 
try to untie the knot of this Total in each Message parallel to Your comprehension. 

In the Messages We have given to You formerly, We had said that there is no 
such thing as the ABSOLUTISM, everything is RELATIVE; ABSOLUTISM IS THE MOMENT 
YOU ARE IN. This expression is valid for the changing Time Dimensions. 



549 



In fact, the One who had Created the ABSOLUTE TIME is the ALMIGHTY. And the 
One Who had taken this Absolute Time under supervision is the ALL-DOMINATING. 

The EXISTENTIAL Dimension is under the responsibility of the CREATOR and is under 
the supervision of the ALL- DOMINATING. The Ordinance beyond the Existential Dimension 
belongs to the ALMIGHTY. And the Absolute Time begins beyond this boundary. 

We divide these Times in two: 

1 . Absolute Time (is the Natural Time). 

2. Supervised Time (is the Inhabited Time). 

Time Dimensions where the Spiral Vibrations meet are Inhabited Times. They 
are called Existential Dimensions. The supervision*bf all these existential Focal Points 
(operate in connection with the ALL-DOMINATING). 

Each Living Entity coming into Existence is under the Supervision of this ALL- 
DOMINATING. These places are Lordly Mechanisms and Hierarchical Orders. In the 
EXISTENTIAL Dimension of each Mini Atomic Whole, the LORDLY - SPIRITUAL - 
TECHNOLOGICAL Orders work Cooperatively. 

The Focal Point of the ALMIGHTY is the Focal Point where the Absolute Time 
Exists. This is a Natural Power. In future, it will be mentioned again. 

The Power of this Focal Point is collected, one by one, by the 6 Pyramids of Light 
and the Totality of the entire Energy is projected on a big Pyramid. This is the LIGHT- 
UNIVERSE. 

The entire Power of this Light- Universe is projected on the EXISTENTIAL Dimension 
exactly as it is, as an equivalent Power, and by this means, the MIGHTY ENERGY FOCAL 
POINT comes into existence and this place is the MAIN EXISTENTIAL Dimension - THE 
SECOND UNIVERSE - THE ADAM AND EVE Dimension. 

Operations in the Universal Ordinances are Mutual. Here, both Powers reinforce 
each other and create the SEED (The Seed has been mentioned formerly). In future, 
We will talk to You about a Second Seed. 

This Seed is the ENERGY Seeds of the Orders of the Cosmoses, One of them is 
the Soul-Seed. The other is the ENERGY Seed. The reason why We call it the (ENERGY 
SEED) is to make You understand. 

Because, at the moment, in Your Consciousnesses You consider the root of Energy 
as Positive and Negative Powers. However, these Energy Powers We have mentioned 
to You have nothing to do with the Energies You know. 

In the Order of Truths, the time for disclosing this Information to You has already 
come. Because, in order for You to grasp the Truth better, rfo doubts should remain in 
Your Minds. 



550 



Knowledge is interminable. However, neither the Learning of Cosmoses, nor 
the lives of Human Being can be sufficient for this Knowledge. For this reason, We 
give the Information in the form of small but to the point fragments. 



REALITY 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

This Final Century is the Century of Interpretation and Expounding. By this means, 
Levels of Consciousness are Coded, one by one, and the Truths are exposed. 
Interpretations and expoundings of the texts in the Golden Book of the Golden Age 
are different according to each Level of Consciousness. 

Since everyone believes that the most correct Information is his/her own 
Information, numerous Friends especially do not read the Knowledge Book and they 
expound it, by making interpretations in accordance with their own level of 
Consciousness. 

Since each opened Consciousness Channel's Essence-Evolution Channel will be 
opened first, events which will occur have been formerly considered. 

By this means, in order to prevent any imbalance and chaos which may take place 
in future, to those who would write the KNOWLEDGE BOOK in their own Handwritings 
until the Year 2000, their Family Mediums have been bestowed on, in conformity with a 
Decision taken by the Council and special Transition Rights have been given to them. 

During this Final Program of Transition, everyone will benefit in proportion with 
his/her Efforts and Good Intentions from this situation considered as a reward in return 
for the help rendered for the System. 

However, You should not forget that even READING - DISTRIBUTING - WRITING 
THE BOOK is a matter of Permission. For this reason it is said that only those who 
DESERVE take the Fascicules in their hands. 

Selections made silently and profoundly are not as easy as assumed. In the 
DIVINE ORDER there is no discrimination among Human Beings. For this reason since 
assessments are made by considering only the Essences during this Period, this Period 
is called the PERIOD OF SINCERITY. " 

There is no discrimination among Human Beings in Our mentality. However, in the 
Medium of Selection, MERIT and DESERVEDNESS are a Phenomenon belonging to 
selection. It is Your Planet which discriminates Human Beings from Human Beings. 

Humanity will never find serenity unless it merges its own Potential Power in that Whole. 

Reach Your Lord, Unify Humanity. Your Book is Knowledge. Your Liberation is 
Interest. This Message of Ours has been given as an answer to certain chains of 
Thought, tt is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



55! 



DIVINE ORDER 

Our Friends, 

The Reflection Focal Point of the Awareness of the entire Ordinance is the Channel 
of ALPHA. Now, the Scientific explanation of the figure of ALPHA will be given to You. 
In the Book of Islam, the figure of Alpha looks like the LAM - ELIF figure, in the Arabic 
alphabet. Now, please, draw a perpendicular Alpha figure. 

On the right, place a positive infinite sign and on the left, a negative infinite 
sign. At the Focal Point where the two meet, place the Positive and Negative signs. 



■oo 




+00 



This Place is the Existential Dimension - the Second 
Universe - the Dimension of Adam and Eve. Now, 
the explanation of this will be made to You: 

1 - Divine Order - Dimension of Absolute Time - 
Dimension of Nothingness (Hiclik Boyutu in 
Turkish). 

2- Almighty Energy Dimension - Existential 
Dimension - Dimension of Life (Hayat Boyutu 
in Turkish). 

3- Dimension of Inhabited Time - Dimension of 
Allness (Heplik Boyutu in Turkish). 

4- The Operational Ordinance of them all is the 
operational Ordinance of the Gurz System. 
Its Symbol is H*- 



1 . The one in Charge of the Divine Order: ALMIGHTY. 

2. The one in Charge of the Existential Dimension: CREATOR. 

3. The one in Charge of the Dimension of Allness: ALL-DOMINATING 

This is PRE-EMINENT SPIRIT Hello, little Girl. Now, I will disclose to You the 
points in which Human Beings have difficulty in understanding. We know that each 
established Order and Ordinance has an establishment purpose and reason. Nothing 
is without a reason or far from the purpose. 

The ORDER OF THE DIVINE PLAN acting by Divine Commands of the Authorities 
way beyond advanced Authorities never acts only through one branch. This would be 
contradictory to the principle of equilibrium of the Atomic Whole. And it is against the 
Existential Ordinance. 

Now, I will only convey to You the Scientific aspect of the ALPHA Channel, parallel 
to habitual Information. 

Now, at the point where the Energy coming from the Positive Universe meets 
with the Energy coming from the Negative Universe, the EXISTENTIAL ORDINANCE 
begins and We call it the MIGHTY ENERGY FOCAL POINT for You to understand. 



This is an Order which has established Your Existential System, 
along Past and Future Eternity through two branches. 



And it serves 



* 



552 



The Positive Branch represents the Spiritual Energy, the Negative Branch 
represents the Lordly and the Technological Dimension. And the entire Creation receives 
Life from the point where these Two Powers Unite. In Your Sacred Books, the Orders of 
these intense Energy Dimensions are mentioned as HUMANS and JINNS. 

GOD has Created the Energies He has brought into Existence on the same Level 
of Frequency and as a* Single Energy. However, since a Single Hand would not make 
any sound, later He had clashed the Two Energies. 

Let Us say the following in accordance with Your Sacred Books so that You can 
comprehend the matter: 

The positive Energy is the Pure Energy. It represents the male (here, the expression 
Male is not used to mean sex. It is used to mean the androgynous Zeus who does not 
Reproduce, who is Produced). The negative Energy is the Supreme Consciousness, 
the Universal Power and the Dimension of Exam. 

The Focal Point where the Mighty Energy Focal Point meets, represents the Female 
by the Union of the Positive and the Negative. The Female is the Creative Power, the 
Godly Energy coming into Existence from the Essence Focal Point. Everything coming 
into Existence from the Essence is Female. 

Later, the Reproduction Systems had been organized by the Technological 
Dimensions and in accordance with the Order of the System, of the Ordinance, 
numerous Females had been charged with Duty as Males in accordance with the 
Consciousness of the Medium. 

Do not ever forget this. Everything is Female in the Essence. In Flesh and in 
Action, it is Male. All Prophets and even Gods are Female. Please, understand well, 
listen well. Do not be mistaken in Your expounding. Now, let Us disclose the matter 
of Jinns and the Devil in accordance with the Public Consciousness: 

According to the LORDLY MECHANISM ORDER, the Advanced Consciousness 
Dimensions had been veiled in Your Sacred Books so that Terrestrial Consciousnesses 
could attain the GODLY Dimensions, and those advanced Dimensions had been 
introduced to You inversely as Jinns and the Devil. 

And in Your Sacred Books, You had been told to avoid and fear them. The reason 
for this was, it was imperative that people should not go astray off the Path of GOD in 
accordance with the Level of Consciousness of that Period. During that Period, 
Consciousness of the World was not ready yet for Advanced Plans. 

Because, if Mankind had entered more advanced Progresses, there would be 
both divisions in Consciousnesses and also they would dive into Uncontrolled Energies 
they were not accustomed according to Graduation Ordinance and thus, would be 
agitated. And this would originate from Unconsciousness and Ignorance. 



553 



Each new Information received creates a Consciousness Progress in the Human 
Being, in the Order of that Period, Truths could not have been explained to You. The 
Order of that time had been executed thus. Meanwhile, to those who had gone 
astray off the Godly path, who had attempted Individual Progress, certain intimidating 
Programs had been applied. 

The purpose was to frighten them so that they would not go astray off the Godly 
path. By this means, the Devil and jinns rose like a wall of fear in the Consciousness of 
the Human Being. In fact, everything is nothing but the operational Ordinance of a 
System in conformity with the Principle of GRACE and FURY of GOD. 

According to Evolutionary Orders, the Evolution of the upside-down and the 
right-side up Triangles had been Programmed in accordance with the operational 
and the Graduation Ordinance of the Divine Plans. 

In the right side up Triangle, GOD is always with You. He trains You and always 
fulfills Your desires. This is GOD'S ORDER OF GRACE. By this means, one attains Religious 
Fulfillment. However, everything does not terminate here. 

There are difficult exams the Servant of God who has become so much attached 
to his/her God would go through, so that he/she can enter more advanced Dimensions. 
Since these Exams will exhibit the Genuine Essence Being of Human Beings in 
accordance with their Levels of Consciousness, GOD'S PRINCIPLE OF FURY comes into 

effect in the Evolution of the upside-down Triangle. 

By this means, one passes from the Religious Totality to the Universal Totality. 
And is made to get accustomed to different Dimension Energies in accordance with 
the Ordinance of Graduation. By this means, You are brought to a Consciousness 
Level in which You can receive the Information of every Dimension. 

Thinking of Cod and Reaching Cod are different things. By thinking of Cod, You 
attain the Dimension of, "GOD, I AM". And by the Exams You Go through, You 
Integrate with Him in the Dimension of UNITY. 

Reaching is a phenomenon occurring in the Right-Side-Up Triangle - Merging 
is a phenomenon Occurring in the upside-down Triangle. The Grace, and the Fury 
Totality of God is equivalent to the Universal Totality. It means that, the Human 
Consciousness which can grasp this Totality has reached the Level in which it can 
grasp the Awareness of the Ordinance. 

The Human Being is a Total within the Total. The differences in Consciousnesses 
are outside of this Total. Those who had established these Orders were the ones who 
had treaded, one by one, the paths You are treading at the moment and thus, who 
had reached very Advanced Dimensions in numerous processes of Century. One day, 
You, too, will be like them. 

In this Period, All Authorities who have received the Command to Tell You all the 
Truths are exerting effort for Your Salvation. Now, it is Time to render Your World 
Conscious. 



554 



H 



Provided the Energy coming from the Positive Universe can complete its cycle 
and pass the Dimension of the MIGHTY ENERGY, then it dives into the Infinite Awareness 
of the Ordinance beyond Time and continues on its way. From there, it passes to the 
Negative Universe and becomes even more Conscious and learns the Truths it did not 
Know. 

In order to be able to pass here, first, it must attain the Religious Fulfillment of 
the Positive Universe. Because, both the Energy and the Knowledge and the 
Consciousness of the Negative Universe are extremely intense. 

Those who grasp the Truth are taken into the Supreme Consciousness of the 
Negative Universe, Mankind who is the slave of its fears will never attain Supreme 
Consciousness. This much Information is enough, little girl. 

PRE-EMINENT SPIRIT 
IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, * 

The Unification of the Administrative Mechanisms with the Divine Plans is the 
first Precaution and Suggestions the GOLDEN AGE considers necessary. And this System 
has always been carried out side by side with a Collective operation in every Period. 

This is first the GODLY ORDER and ORDINANCE and later, the SOCIAL PROGRESS 
and ESTABLISHMENT. The Missions performed by Your Celestial Books revealed to 
Your Planet in the progressions of Centuries were for projecting the same Ordinance 
on Your Planet. 

The NEW TESTAMENT is a Celestial Book which has conveyed to You the Single 
GOD Consciousness and His Order. And the KORAN is a Celestial Book projecting the 
Social Progress and Social Order and which, at the same time, appropriates to You 
obeying the given Commands. 

Your Planet which has rendered its Universal Progress until today under the Light 
of This Information, is now projecting on Your Planet by the same System a different 
and more Humanitarian System which it has rendered effective since 700 years, taking 
the Mevlana View as a criterion and is inviting You, as a Mass, to a Medium Your 
Universal Consciousnesses Deserve. 



In this Medium, Selections are Individual, 
for Your Information. 



There is no Intercession. It is presented 



CENTER 



555 



THE SCIENTIFIC FORMULA OF THE DIMENSION OF MIGHTY ENERGY 
(Explanation of the Given Formula) 



2CXZ+p+2R=s£- 



Mighty Energy 
Focal Point 



Everything in the Universe is double. This Formula is the Scientific Formula of the 
Dimension of the MIGHTY ENERGY. 

The face to face Unification of 2 ALPHA signs creates the figure representing Infinity. 

Now, let Us explain the given Formula: 

