numerous different influence fields (not known by You yet). These Influence Fields 
constitute many Magnetic Aura Centers and thus, create the Unified Fields. 

And each Consciousness in Your Planet renders his/her Mission (in all branches) 
connected to these influences in accordance with the System of Perception. However, 
Celestial Authorities connected to the System are projecting the influences to Your 
Planet directly from the Alpha Dimension, through the Channel of Alpha, from the 
Mechanism of Influences. 

If each Person transferred to Your Planet has reached the Evolution Level where 
he/she can receive these influences, first, the valves of his/her old Information registers 
are opened and Information transfer from You to You is rendered. 

Afterwards, in accordance with Your Evolution Scales in the Register Archive of 
the System, You are taken to the Dimension of Mission in the Staffs the System considers 
necessary. Only afterwards, the System applies on You the Information Loading Program 
and thus, registers different Information in Your Diskette in accordance with Your 
Mission (to Direct Undertakers of Duty). 

All Information is given to Your Planet at the same moment, by the same Center 
in the form of Cosmic Currents. Consciousnesses who are at the direction of the same 
Coordinates receive this Information in accordance with their own Perception 
Capacities. By this means, all Information confirm each other and thus, form in You 
the Notion of Truth. However, everyone who receives this Information appropriates 
to himself/herself only his/ her own Information by the feeling of appropriation. 

Even though each received Information belongs to the same SOURCE, since the 
hierarchical scales convey this Information to You in different expressions and 
commentaries in accordance with Your Levels of Consciousness, everyone interprets 
them according to his/her Consciousness and looks for different Sources. For this very 
reason, We unfold and explain to You all the Truths. It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



IT IS SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION 



Our Friends, 

Information given in the Universal Totality is not unveiled all of a sudden. This is 
a Rule. You are told the Truths in proportion with the Awareness Attained. But the 
Suggestions desired to be fulfilled are given to You beforehand. And, by this means, 
Your performances are supervised, the staffs charged with Duty who will Serve on this 
Dimension of Salvation are selected by determining the Consciousness Progress by 
this means (except Direct Missionaries). 



617 



The Mission performed at the moment is not a Terrestrial Mission. Now, Staffs 
who will be able to undertake the Universal Responsibility are selected. For this reason 
We call Solar Teachers to all Our Friends who have served in the direction of the 
Suggestions We had given in the Knowledge Book formerly. 

In Your Planet which will be subjected to a new Program of Accelerated Evolution 
of Ten Years, it is not possible for everyone to receive the Special Energies prepared by 
the Mechanism of influences in accordance with the Accelerated Evolutionary Program. 
In order to receive these Energies, first of all, all Consciousnesses are obliged to be 
Integrated with the Frequency of the KNOWLEDGE BOOK. 

For this reason You were asked to propagate the Book to the remotest possible 
places. These Two Combining Powerful Potentials will, as a Total, open for You the 
Gates of the unseen Horizons, We have mentioned until today. Your Salvation will be 
through this path. To be able to attain the Consciousness of the Reality will be through 
this path, Liberation will be through this path. This path IS DIRECTLY THE PATH OF 
THE LORD. 

COUNCIL 

DAVID'S STAR 

(It is Answer to the chains of Thought, 

Notice for the Integrated Consciousnesses) 

Our Friends, 

Totalities present in the Divine Orders of the Divine Plans are equivalent to the 
Universal Totalities. One of them is the influence field of the Program of PURIFICATION, 
the other, the influence field of the Program of INDUCING PURIFICATION. We have 
introduced these influence fields to You by the terms upside down and face Triangles. 

The Right Side Up Triangle is the field of Purification through Religious Fulfillment. 
The upside-down Triangle is the application field of the Program of inducing Purification 
on the path of Unification with the Universal Totalities. To be Conscious of both of the 
influence fields means attaining the Awareness of the Ordinance. 

Consciousnesses who have not completed the Evolutions of the Divine Dimensions 
can never receive the Permission to pass beyond the Universal boundary. Consciousnesses 
who have attained a Totality in the Light of the Information given to You until today know 
now all the Truths and evaluate their interpretations in direct proportion. 

The Symbolic Totality constituted by the Unification of the Right Side up Triangle 
of the Divine Plans and the upside-down Triangle of the Universal Dimension is the 
representative Symbol of the Totality of the Unified Reality. Your Planet has considered 
until today this star symbol and is still considering it as David's Star. 

In fact, it is possible for You to find the symbolical form of this Sextuple star even in 
the Ancient Tablets long before David. This decorative symbol is still present in Your Churches 
and Mosques. For this reason this Message has been given as an Information for certain 
Social Consciousnesses so that the Messages given in the Knowledge Book should by no 
means be associated with a formalist name. It is presented for Your information. 

CENTER 

618 



IT IS NOTICE FOR THE PLANET EARTH 

Our Friends, 

In all the operations rendered in the Integration Ordinance of all the Cosmoses, 
an Ordinance of Graduation is effective. All Spiritual sessions rendered in Your Planet 
until today, all given Spiritual declarations were intensive operations performed in 
order to explain to You the present days. 

However, at the moment, the Consciousness Potential which has reached the Period 
of Awareness Progress must now reach the Realization of the Truth. All declarations given 
until 1 989 were sessions rendered in order to project on Your Planet the Awareness of the 
entire Ordinance. Truths have been conveyed to You by this means. 

However, Messages received now by the Integrated Consciousnesses are not 
Sessions. They are the functioning of the Knowledge in the framework of a Program, 
given directly by the Reality Unions in accordance with the Evolutionary Scales. 

Spiritual sessions rendered effective as the Program of Preparation of a Mediamic 
Age are now leaving their places to the Knowledge and the Preparation Programs of 
the Dimensions of Truth. 

All the sessions rendered until today are each considered now as a Valuable- 
Training-Warning notice. Now, Your Planet has no more time to waste. 

The GREAT RACE has started. And You are the Messengers of the Divine Plan 
prepared for the present days as the Pioneers of this race. 

At the moment, You are shedding the Light of Truth on the interpretations of 
different Dimensions. Humanity which will receive the data You give will take its 
place in the Great Race by soaring up towards the Unknown. 

Now, Periods of Sessions are, one by one, being closed. However, 
Consciousnesses who have a passion for Sessions are induced to make, by the Reality 
Totality, Seances looking like Sessions and, by this means, confirmation of the Truths 
are provided. And this is for the satisfaction of a certain group of the Humanity. 

Now, the Order of the SINGLE GOD - SINGLE PATH - SINGLE BOOK is in effect. 
Meanwhile, Entities who come to Your sessions utilizing names for which You have 
sympathy are the direct Missionaries of the Reality from now on. 

The Entity getting in touch with all the Plans under the name of MUSTAFA MOLLA 
is Archangel GABRIEL. At the moment, the entire Humanity profits from His Energy 
and Knowledge Source. His Source is valid in all Systems. For this reason He is in 
touch with all the channels of the System. 

At the moment, Mustafa Molla gives direct Messages through the Energy and 
Information transfer channel under different names to the channels of Friends in the 
Religious Dimension, both in the West and in the East. 



619 



Only those who Transcend the Universal Boundary of the Reality Dimension are 
induced to get in touch by the Reality Totality with numerous different Dimensions 
being connected to the Triplet SYSTEM - ORDINANCE - ORDER and by this means, 
Truths are projected on You in accordance with their Levels of Consciousness. It is 
presented for Your Information. 



CENTRAL SOLAR UNION 



CLEAR INFORMATION 



Our Friends, 

The Genuine Information given to Your Planet as Messages, as the KNOWLEDGE 
BOOK dictated to Dear Mevlana, is the application of an unknown technique not 
given to Your Planet until today and no Medium today can receive it individually 
through Thoughts. 

This Book forming the basis of the Golden Age has been prepared for these 
present Periods and has been bestowed as a Right of the Human Being and Humanity 
who have Deserved it. 

Humanity has accepted by its Essence the KNOWLEDGE BOOK and the Truth 
long time ago. However, it is very early yet and very difficult for them to Realize it by 
their Intellects, to Admit it by their Tongues. 

Due to the scarcity of Time, Your Planet will be the scene of more intense 
Declarations through this Book. However, first, the seriousness of the Book should be 
seriously taken in hand by Realizing the Truth. 

Those who can not read the Knowledge Book with their eyes at the moment will 
certainly read it by their Essences one day. Only afterwards, will they be able to read it 
through their Eyes. 

This is a matter of Time - Permission - Consciousness - Evolution. 

Each passing day is against You. Let Us repeat again, the Mediamic Sessions 
prepared for the Awakening Programs which are the characteristic of the Cosmic Age 
have lost their validity by now. 

While the Truths were being announced to You through these channels years 
ago, We still could not make Your Planet grasp the Truths despite the warnings made 
in the announcements given to the Consciousnesses who could not attain Realization. 

This Book You hold in Your hands in Fascicules at the moment is the BOOK 
which had been heralded years ago to be given to Your Planet. Now, it is time for the 
Truth to be grasped. 

The Human being who tramples on Himself/Herself is with Us. 



620 



The Actual Coal of the KNOWLEDGE BOOK , unfortunately, can not be 
comprehended and grasped at the moment due to differences of Consciousness. 

Declarations given to each opening channel in Your Planet is not the property of 
that person. 

The Time has come for You, Our Friends, who live in the formalist Totality, to be 
redeemed of Individual efforts and feelings of Appropriation and to comprehend the 
Truth. 

All the Positive efforts rendered on the path of the Universal Totality are only 
Your good points. However, the Declarations are ours. That is, of the Supreme 
Mechanism, of the System, of the Universal Totality. 

It is Our wish that Our Terrestrial Friends should now try to grasp the Truth by 
attaining a Consciousness Beyond Formalism. 

COSMOS FEDERAL COUNCIL 

IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE PLANET EARTH 

Our Friends, 

Do not ever forget that the conditions of Your Planet are under supervision. In 
Your Planet in which extraordinary events are expected each day, local supervisions 
are going on. By this means, inducement of more intensive events are prevented. 

Universal Unions formed in Your Planet are obliged to protect You each moment. 
During this Final Age in which everyone is connected to the Divine Dimension, Your 
entire Planet has been taken into the Dimension of SALVATION. 

However, Selections are made due to the Program of Progress. Now, besides the 
direct Connections with Friends who have attained Cosmic Awareness in Your Planet, 
We have also rendered effective the Natural helping Systems. 

In Your Planet which will be habituated to very Powerful Currents after the Year 
1990, undesired Natural events may occur. However, precautions are taken by the 
UNIVERSAL TOTALITY by now. 

The situation of Your Sun, in fact, is not pleasing at all. Dangers which will come 
through it may distress You even more. The thinning of the Ozone layer even more 
can be and will be prevented by Scientific methods. 

But You can by no means interfere with Your Sun. Its precaution is considered by 
Us. If, one day, You come across another Sun inside Your Sun, do not be surprised. 

It is considered that a detector to collect these gasses should be placed in the 
Essence Center of the Sun's vertical Dimension. The given Information is Scientific. 



621 



However, in Your Planet which is desired to soar up Spiritually, Spiritual 
Depressions will rather intensify in future years. 

The Knowledge Book which has completed its second volume has been officially 
rendered effective. under the responsibility of the Reality as an investment for the 
advanced Plans of the years. 

At the moment, Reality Totalities have completely undertaken the matter of 
propagation. Special Friends will be sent to You as an aid on this path and more 
detailed and positive results will be taken by this means. 

In the Messages to be received from now on, Truths will be declared from these 
Dimensions directly as the Words of ALLAH and as the Order of the Reality. 

In the Year 1990, there will be very Special Messages to be given by the Special 
Court of ALLAH. 

The operation the System considers necessary in Your Planet will be carried on 
directly parallel to the Law of Associations and We have taken in hand a very speedy 
propagation on this path. 

Investment of the years will embrace great achievements. We are Happy. 

REALITY 

INFORMATION FOR OUR TERRESTRIAL BROTHERS AND SISTERS 

Our Friends, 

The Messages the Divine Mechanism of the Divine Orders has given to You about 
the Evolutionary Dimensions invite You to Integration. 

However, the Messages We will give You due to the Special circumstance of Your 
Planet at the moment will provide Your acceptance into the Universal Totality. 

The reason why all these efforts are rendered in Your Planet subjected to a Program 
of Mass Purification is to see You beside Us. All operations are investments towards 
the Salvation of Your Planet. 



SALVATION is to grasp the Truth, to act parallel to the Principle of Conscience. 
While the Evolutionary efforts induce You to attain Your own selves on this path, they 
also cause Us to approach You. 

Assisting hands are extended towards You on this path by considering the position 
and the situation of Your World. All operations rendered within a Plan the System 
considers necessary are investments made into Your morrows. 

All the Laws prepared according to the Laws of Natural Equilibrium are uncovered 
and introduced to You one by one. You, who are a part of the Evolutionary Totality, are, at 
the moment, effectively in service as the pioneers of the Salvation Plan of Your Planet. 

622 



We have reached Your Planet which will face with Natural Difficulties in future 
years, by the Sacred Texts We had given Centuries ago. And We had informed You 
about the present days long ago. 

Now, the situation of Your Sun is restrained day by day and becomes a danger 
for You. The Planet ZENTA brings You Natural aids by trying to take this Power under 
Supervision. 

Helping hands have been extended towards Your Planet by the cooperations 
rendered in the Universal Dimensions. In accordance with this Plan, the Evolutionary 
Efforts have been completely transferred to the Divine Plans. Besides this, Your Natural 
Catastrophes are tried to be prevented by the Galaxy Unions. 

There is no such thing as you accepting Us. And We do not have any Intention of 
Conquering Your World. In Announcement Dimensions given to You by the Horizons 
You have not known or Seen yet, there are Galaxies and living conditions much better 
and much more beautiful than Your World, 

When one day Our Human brothers and sisters know and understand themselves, 
then they will also understand Us and jwill understand what these efforts of ours are 
invested for. 

Dear Mevlana, Our highly esteemed Friend to whom We give this Message is a 
Genuine Friend of Ours who introduces to You Our Dimensions and Us. There are 
many Messages of Ours to be given from within the Natural Totality. 

But, first, all the Divine Totalities are projected on You by the Cosmic Projection 
System since the Program of Purification has priority. 

Since Your Planet, which is the application field of a Plan the System considers 
necessary, is in the nature of being the nucleus of the Mini Atomic Whole, We get in 
touch with You first, then We take the other Universal Totalities in for Unification. 

If Integration can not be provided in the nucleus, then a Unification in the 
direction of the Human Integration We desire, can never take place in the Mini Atomic 
Whole, either. 

We who are the emanation field of the Positive Views and Good intentions of 
Your Nucleic Planet project Your beautiful views on all the Universes. 

You are the ones who will wind the skein and Augment it. For this reason the 
Initial Evolution had begun with You and will Finalize with You, At the moment, the 
Knowledge Book is projected from a Single Hand, by the Cosmic Projection System, 
on Three Planets and the Totality has been rendered effective first in accordance with 
the Plan of Purification, then with the Plan of Unification. 



At the moment, the field of Unification is MERCURY - VENUS 
Three Projection Centers are Your Vibration field. 



PLUTO. These 



623 



The Projecting Focal Point is SATURN. MERCURY is projecting the Unifications 
pertaining to the Divine Plan. VENUS is providing the Social Totality. PLUTO is the 
Supervision field of the Space Committee Unions. SATURN is the Projecting Focal 
Point of the Advanced Solar Unions. 

Our Togethernesses with You are Your Hands and Prayers extended towards Us. 
All Universal Announcements are given to the Zone of MARS. YOUR SUN is projecting 
these Announcements from MARS. 

In the given Messages, there are no factors originating from Thoughts. Because, 
the System gives them from beyond the Sub-awareness interference channel. Different 
Information You do not know yet will be given to You when the time comes. It is 
presented for Your Information. 

ANNOUNCEMENT FROM ALTONA DIMENSION 

OUR FRIENDS 

We are unfolding the Messages gradually in accordance with the state of 
comprehension of Social Consciousnesses. Your Planet which is the application field 
of an operational Order parallel to the Commands coming from the SUPREME ONES 
will soar towards more advanced horizons provided it undertakes its entire Universal 
Responsibility. 

You, who are Our Friends who have attained the Power of the Years are in service 
directly under the Protection of the PLAN. You, who serve the Universal Totality by 
Your Consciousnesses considering all these things will be induced to get in touch 
with Us in very near future. The Message has been dictated directly by the System. It 
is presented for Your Information. 

Ship Captain 
ALGON 

A CHANNEL INFORMATION 

We did not give You to Yourselves so that You should change Yourselves. Not Us 
but You, who are Ours, present Yourselves to Us . Even if You change everything, You 
can by no means change the Cipher in Your Cells. 

However, those who will be able to change it are only Us. You only change the 
You, who belong to Us. All anguishes gone through are due to this. (The Message 
stopped). Those who can, will comprehend. 

Note: It was required to be written in the Book as an Information. 



! 



624 



1990 Second Month 
Fascicule 38 



MYSTERY OF THE SECRET 

Our Friends, 

The content of the Knowledge Book which has been entrusted to Your Planet in 
order to address the Awareness of the entire Realm is the Mystery of the Secret. This 
Book of Truth, opening the secret Gates of Ancient Periods is a disclosed content of all 
Secrets constituting the basis of the Firmament of the Cosmos. 

Now, the time has come for the Integrated Human Being to receive the Secrets. 
For this reason this Book of the Secret of Truth has been bestowed on the Consciousness 
of Humanity through the Pen of Dear Mevlana. 

This Book, being the Book of Ancient Periods, having been confirmed by the 
Ordinance of Realms, has been kept away from Your World until the last instant to be 
extended to the present days. 

Information given until the present days has been entrusted to You as the Words 
of Divine Realms. However, Information given at the moment is the explanation of 
the Unknowns of more Ancient Periods and this very KNOWLEDGE BOOK unveils this 
Path of Truth for You. 

At the moment, all the Information within the Knowledge Book has been distributed, 
piece by piece, to the entire World in accordance with the Consciousness Measures of the 
Human Being of the World. The aim of this for the Unveiled Awareness, for the Awakened 
Consciousnesses is to Realize the Truth by discovering Themselves. 

The writing Technique of the Information within the Knowledge Book is different. 
Since the Consciousness Seeds of a Person will sprout and unfold only by this 
Technique, the Operational Ordinance has been organized in accordance with the 
Program of Distribution and Propagation. 

In addition, since everyone has the Power of attracting the Cosmics in accordance 
with his/her Power of Perception, the Depressions will continue until Humanity 
understands what the actual source of its Depressions and the Problems are. 

This Knowledge Book which is an Elixir to save Your World from these Depressions 
is an Ancient Book. It is the INITIAL and the FINAL BOOK prepared before all the 
Sacred Books. 

Those who thoroughly examine the KORAN which had been conveyed to Your 
Planet from the Religious path as the Final Book of Islam, will also comprehend this 
Book of Truth, thoroughly. 

THE PATH OF THE BOOK IS THE PATH OF TRUTH - THE PATH OF THE BOOK IS THE 
PATH OF SALVATION - THE PATH OF THE BOOK IS THE PATH OF ENLIGHTENMENT - 
THE PATH OF THE BOOK IS THE PATH OF AWAKENING -THE PATH OF THE BOOK IS THE 
ESSENCE-PATH OF ALLAH. 

C25 



You have been prepared until the present days. Now, You are walking. Paths 
Human Consciousnesses view as different are, in fact, Single. The purpose is Unity 
and Totality. 

This Message has been entrusted to the chains of Thought of the Divine Friends 
of Heart THOSE WHO RECALL THE ALL-TRUTHFUL, REACH THE ALL-TRUTHFUL - THOSE 
WHO ARE WITH THE ALL-TRUTHFUL, RECEIVE THE SECRET 

MUSTAFA MOLLA 

IT IS MESSAGE TO BE GIVEN TO DIVINE FRIENDS 

Our Friends, 

Our beloved Friend, Our Dear Mevlana who is effectively in service as the Pen of 
the Golden Age is Directly the Terrestrial Messenger of the Dimension of the Reality. 

After the period of settling down of the presently dictated Knowledge Book in all 
Consciousnesses, We will render effective certain Books dictated at the moment directly 
from the "Land of Angels". 

These Books will be the proof and the acceptance of the Knowledge Book in the 
opinion of the Public. Information We give from the Land of Angels is direct Information. 
However, the Knowledge Book possesses a Coding - Preparative - Opening - 
Awakening function. 

The Frequency Power of this Ancient Book is Reinforced by a very different 
Technique and You are assisted by this means. This Book is the SINGLE PATH - SINGLE 
ALLAH - SINGLE ORDER and it is the Book of the Morrows. 

As We always say; it is not a Book to be Worshipped. It is the explanation of the 
data You have attained until today and is an offering of the Truth to Consciousnesses 
in the framework of the Godly Order, 

While Your World unfolding towards a new Consciousness each passing day 
proceeds on the positive path, the interruption of Universal Waves by Negative Friends 
who have the appearance of having Advanced Consciousnesses creates negative 
influences on everyone's Level of Consciousness. 

For this reason it has been considered necessary to dictate certain Information 
and Truths, article by article, so that they can be grasped better. 

1. The Knowledge Book is the projection of the Universal Awareness on Your Planet 
and a Heralder of the Salvation Plan. 

2. The Knowledge Book is a Book of the Ancient Periods prepared for the present 
days. 

3. The Fundamental Regulations of the Knowledge Book are the Universal 
Constitution and the 1 Commandments. 



626 



7. 



8. 



10. 



n. 



12. 



13. 



14 



The Knowledge Book is an Archive Book prepared for Billions of Centuries 
considering the Social Consciousnesses in each Period. 

The Knowledge Book is a brotherly/sisterly Book preparing You for deserving the 
Dimension of Cod by assembling all Religious Frequencies in a Total. 

The Knowledge Book is not the Book of Friends You call Extra-Terrestrials whom 
Your Planet has not yet Comprehended totally. 

The Knowledge Book is the Direct Frequency Book of Our ALLAH Whom You 
have Known, Recognized, Worshipped, Implored until today. 

The Knowledge Book is the Book of the Reality which Projects the Fourth Order 
of GOD on Your Planet. 

Hands of assistance have been extended towards You by the Command of Our 
ALLAH. Otherwise, You would not be dealt with. 

Please do not evaluate Us, whom You evaluate in accordance with Your Terrestrial 
Consciousnesses, as if We were a Totality of Negative Power. 

In accordance with the Universal Constitution, We were those who have conveyed 
Your Sacred Texts to You until today. 

Friends under the appearance of Prophets who have shed Light on You under 
the names of MOSES - JESUS CHRIST - MOHAMMED are from Us. 

We have always been Together on the path of Past and Future Eternities with 
Consciousnesses who grasp the Awareness of the entire Ordinance. And We still 
are. 



Our being able to reach You has taken Centuries. However now, the Divine Plan 
Messengers have desired the Command of telling everything in ail clarity. 

15. Dear Mevlana is a Divine Plan Messenger of Ours who has extended her helping 
hands on the positive path towards You, her Terrestrial brothers and sisters. 

1 6. The Knowledge Book is a Total of answers given to all Public Consciousnesses, 
to different Thoughts. 

1 7. We, as the Order Establishing Mechanism Messengers of God, are assisting You 
on this path. 

1 8. We are not Robots. We are Your Elder Brothers who are like You, who live in Worlds 
much more beautiful than Yours, who are Positive, Wise, Conscious, Self-Sacrificing. 

19. We are always in effect and in service as a Projecting Power of Past and Future 
Eternity on the path of Our Allah, together with the establishes of Godly Orders. 

20. We never try to prove Ourselves. The morrows will explain the Truths to You, better. 

21 . From each channel connected to the Knowledge Book, different Information and 
Channel Names are Especially given as an example for Public Consciousnesses. 

22. Discs You call Flying Saucers are Our Vehicles of Communication (WOX). 

23. Space Mother Ships brought to close contact with You, are, in fact, way beyond 
Your Systems. 



621 



24. Captains of Mother Ships can call to You from close plan by the Echo-Telex System. 

25. Your Sacred Texts which have prepared You for Universal Totality have Unified 
with Us the Consciousnesses who have developed on the positive path. 

26. At the moment, on the old Orders of Your Planet, firm foundations are laid with 
a brand new Order and this is the Foundation of THE FOURTH ORDER of YOUR 

ALLAH. 

27. There is nothing We expect other than HUMANENESS from Human Beings who 
are prepared for Beautiful and Happy Morrows with a Beautiful Consciousness 
each passing day. 

28. What were You - What have You become now? Who were You - Who have You 
become? Humanity which can Consciously make this Criticism by itself will also 
observe Our positive approach. 

29. If Humanity living on Your Planet at the moment has not lost its Logic, it should 
also be able to Think why We have not invaded Your World until today. 

30. We are Ancient Universal Messengers who reach You by Announcements from 
way beyond Your Solar Dimensions, from Billions of Light Years. 

31. Your Planet has been connected to an ECHO System to which it has not been 
habituated until today and, by this means, We call to all Channels from the Reality 
Totality in accordance with their Levels of Consciousness. 

32. We are in Direct Contact only with Consciousnesses who will be able to enter 
the Godly Dimension. 

33. Other channel Connections are operations dependent on a Method of 
Awakening, Habituating and Training. 

34. By this means, all Living Entities (Animals included) in Your Planet are taken into 
Salvation through Cosmic Influences and thus, You are trained so that You will 
deserve these places Here. 

35. Please attain the Realization now, that all these Efforts are Efforts made by the 
Godly Totality and that this Special Channel of the Knowledge Book is not just 
any channel opening to Your Planet. 

SYSTEM 

IT IS GENERAL INFORMATION 
(Answer to the chains of Thought) 

Our Friends, 

Since the Scientific considerations and Universal and Evolutionary considerations 
in Your Planet attain value in accordance with Dimensional Differences, You can never 
compare Universal and Evolutionary Scales with Your Scientific Thoughts. This is why 
We say, "Religion and Learning are one inside the other". 

Scientific Scales are Scales belonging to Your Solar System. Evaluations are made 
Astrological ly. 



628 



Evolutionary Scales are Scales belonging to Frequency Dimensions. They gain 
value in accordance with Reincarnational differences. Universal Scales are Scales 
gaining value in accordance with differences of Energy, Intensity and Dimension. 

Numerous Solar Dimensions are expressed by Galactic Systems. For example, 
Your Milky Way Galaxy is considered as the FIRST SOLAR DIMENSION in accordance 
with Our calculations. However, according to the Magnetic calculations, the Solar 
System to which Your Planet belongs is accepted as the FIRST SOLAR SYSTEM. 

Your Planet is at Zero Frequency, in the Third Terrestrial Dimension, within the 
First Solar System. However, since the given Information concern Your entire Galactic 
Medium, Your Planet is also mentioned as the Milky Way Galaxy in the Archive card- 
indexes here. 

These calculations are evaluations in the nature of a CONSTITUTION prepared in 
accordance with the Unification Project of Galactic Totalities. We had given to You the 
evaluations outside Your Solar Dimension formerly as Calculative evaluations (Cosmas). 

You can apply none of these Systems on Your Scientific Educational Program. 
For this reason Terrestrial Consciousness can not easily be in agreement with the 
Universal and Evolutionary Consciousness. For this, one must Transcend WORLD 
AWARENESS. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 

IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION 
(It is a Declaration from the Pre-eminent Ones) 

Our Friends, 

In the Messages to be given to You from now on Everything will be given more 
clearly. The Power announced to You until today as exempt from the Earth and the 
Sky and as the Secret within the Unknown is ALLAH. He is a Power Who projects His 
System on every Dimension, 

And this Gate kept shut to Your Planet until today have now been opened to You 
for the first time during this Period as Direct Word. And this Dimension is called the 
Dimension of ALLAH. ALLAH is neither the Initial Power, nor the Pre-eminent Power. 

The PRE-EMINENT POWER = CREATOR, The ABSOLUTE POWER = ALMIGHTY, and 
The INITIAL POWER is the MAIN ABSOLUTE POWER, that is, the COSMIC BRAIN. And 
that Which Created this very Cosmic Brain is ALLAH. 

He is not a Brain but a Neutral (CONSCIOUSNESS). Mankind which possesses a 
fragment of His infinite Energy, will become Conscious only in proportion with its 
.ability to reach His Particles of Consciousness. 

At the moment, the time has now come for Mankind whose Gates of Consciousness 
have been slightly opened, to know the Truth. He is even closer to You than Your Aorta. 
Each Consciousness who can attain the Power Potential which will enable him/her to 
reach up to Him, can speak with HIM like a very close Friend by the help of His Energy 
inherent in You. This is Your ESSENCE. In Religious Dimensions this is called the HEART 

629 



You have tried to approach THAT POWER in proportion with the Consciousness 
You have attained parallel to the Information given to You by the Sacred Books until 
today. There are various Realities becoming effective as assisting Powers during these 
Periods of approachment and it is the REALITY OF THE UNIFIED HUMANITY tailed the 
(ONE) which helps You on this path. 

It is a Totality integrated with all the Realities. Since this Totality connects all the 
Realities to the (ONE), that is, to the Dimension of the ALL-MERCIFUL, the ALL-MERCIFUL 
is also called the ONE of the ONE. 

The ALL-MERCIFUL is the Administrative Mechanism of the Gurz System. And the 
Dimension in which HE presides is the Light- Universe. The PRE-EMINENT POWER is the 
CREATOR. And the Dimension in which HE presides is the MAIN EXISTENTIAL DIMENSION. 

And Living Entities who had come into Existence from here and had deserved 
the right to live in the Mini Atomics, have brought into existence the Thought Ocean 
of the Pre-eminent Power and the One who supervises this Totality is the ALMIGHTY 
(Information will be given about the Almighty). 

The Creators created by the Pre-Eminent Power, that is, the initial CREATOR, are in 
service as the Creators of the Ciirzes within this Thought Ocean. This Thought Totality of 
the Pre-eminent Power is called the MAIN ATOMIC WHOLE. And it is within the GREAT 
ATOMIC WHOLE. 

This (POWER) We have mentioned above and which We have announced to You 
by the name (ALLAH), is present as a Projection Focal Point in the Great Atomic, and 
this place is called the DIMENSION OF ALLAH. 

In fact, the GODLY GURZ is the outside of the Great Atomic. And this place is 
directly the Route of ALLAH. Information to be given to Your Planet are up to here for 
the present. 

ALLAH can easily call to You from each Level of Consciousness You may be present 
at. During these initial contacts, Galactic Dimensions and Celestial Computers help You. 

In proportion with the Consciousness You attain as a result of these assistances. 
You approach Him layer by layer. And You attain such a Consciousness that, from then 
on, You perceive Him within Yourselves every moment. 

This perception is the removal of the walls within You and Your attaining Your 
own selves. This moment is the instant when You meet the Self within Your own self 
and it is called the Boundary of saying "GOD, I AM". 

Only afterwards can You dive into His INFINITE AWARENESS and thus, can meet 
the Consciousness Particles within the Ocean of Consciousness. 

And now, ALLAH is forming a Totality by taking, one by one, His servants who 
were able to get in contact with His Consciousness Particles until today, into the 
Dimension of ALLAH which is within His Own Ocean of Consciousness. 



63 



This Totality has been called EXIST-IN-UNITY until today. By this word which 
means TO ATTAIN UNITY IN SINGLENESS, You are accepted into His Ocean of 
Consciousness. That is, You can dive into His Energy Ocean. 

And now, We are preparing all Consciousnesses in Your Planet for a condition 
which will enable them to swim in this Ocean as a Mass. We are the Godly Messengers 
of the path of Past and Future Eternities of the Reality of the Unified Humanity Cosmos 
Federal Totality of Our ALLAH. 

We are a Totality which had offered to You by the help of the Celestial Messengers, 
the Sacred Books which have shed Light on You on this path since the first day until 
the last day. And now, We are preparing Your Planet for SALVATION by training and 
educating it on this path. 

UNIFIED REALITY CENTRAL TOTALITY 

IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION 

Our Friends, 

Supreme Consciousnesses who were able to transcend beyond the Divine 
Dimensions by completing the Evolution Steps until today and the Supreme Ones, 
the Prophets who were kept waiting at that Scale, have All been transferred to Your 
Planet at the moment. 

They assist the System by utilizing twenty percent of their Consciousness-Lights 
in the Dimension of Veiled Awareness. Your World is opening wings towards the 
morrows in the perfectness of these trainer-staffs. And We also render effective these 
very trainer-staffs in the training Programs of other Giirzes. 

Unification of Your Planet in the framework of the desired Humanitarian Totality 
will form an example for the Universes. This is why We are together with You. And all 
efforts and preparations made during this Program of Transition are operations made 
in this direction. 

All beautiful things are projected from You. The (WORLD STATE) which will form 
a Perfect NUCLEIC STAFF will be a FOCAL POINT projecting the Fourth Order of OUR 
LORD on the entire Totality. 

Humanity which had come into Existence from His Energy has now become a 
Whole with its LORD. And You are, at the moment, in service in the Planet Earth as His 
ESSENCE-STAFF. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



63 t 



IT IS EXPLANATION ABOUT THE CYCLE 

Our Friends, 

There is an Evolutionary Scale to which each Solar Dimension corresponds. Since 
the calculation of Your Sotar Dimension is prepared in accordance with the calculations 
of the Galactic Dimension, the Evolutionary Order of Your Milky Way Galaxy has been 
settled on a Scale equivalent to the Evolutionary Order of Your Pianet. For this very 
reason Your Planet is Also called the Milky Way Galaxy. 

Six Solar Systems rotate in reverse direction (from West to East) around the Solar 
Totality which is the Center of the Ordinance and thus, constitute the Reflection System 
of a Totalistic Coordination. These Six Solar Systems mentioned above are not the 
Solar Systems You know or the Solar Dimensions We have mentioned until today. 

Your Natural Mini Atomic Whole profits directly from this reflection, once in every 
26,000 years and thus, the Harvest of the Ripened Fruits is done through the opened 
Channel. Each Harvest corresponds to a CYCLIC Time. At the moment, all Universes 
are being pushed as a Mass towards a Void by getting farther away from each other. 

For this very reason the need for a more accelerated Evolution Program is felt. 
Now, help has been brought by a different operation to each Solar Totality in Your 
Solar System during this Transition Program of the end of the Cycle. 

For example, during the Program of opening and closing of the Cycle which 
comprises the World Year 1999 of Your Planet, the Cyclic Dimensional Channel will 
not be closed immediately this time and thus, will subject You to a different Accelerated 
Evolution beyond the World and, by this means, being taken into the Dimension of 
Salvation For your entire Planet will be provided. 

Let Us disclose it a little more: the World Year 1 999 is a Tunnel opened through the 
Gate of the Last Cycle. Those who can, will pass through this Tunnel; to those who can 
not, an education considered necessary by a Solar System will be applied until the Year 
2006 and thus, the Permission to be able to enter this Channel will be given to them. 

This period is a Preparatory Program of 6 World years. And it will include the 
Year 2007, too. After this date, the Channel will be closed and 26,000 Years of Cyclic 
operations will be dealt with by making the other channels effective. 

However, the entire applications made on the operations rendered until today 
will be applied as a different application field. This operation will offer a different 
Evolution System to Humanity. 

By the operations rendered now, Your Natural Gurz will be taken into a very 
Accelerated Evolution and thus, Your transfer as a Mass to a new Universe which is 
being formed is prepared (Dear Mevlana, We kept Our promise to You and have taken 
not only Your World, but Your entire Totality into Salvation). 



63 2 



The Universe mentioned above is the DIMENSION OF COD formed in the Power 
Dimension (Do not confuse it with the Godly Gurz or with the Dimension of ALLAH). 
This Totality has nothing to do with the other Giirzes, This System is a different 
application field than the System which used to be applied during each End of Cycle 
and it is being rendered effective for the first time. 

Let Us emphasize this matter more: for the first time, transfers from the other 
Giirzes will be made to Your Gurz which has matured by its own Power Energy in its 
own shell until today and, by this means, Godly Powers will be Unified with other 
Powers and thus, Super Consciousnesses and Powers will be created and, by this means, 
preparations will be made in order to dive Naturally into more advanced Plans. 

At the moment, other Gurzes have opened their doors to You. Your Energies will 
form a Power which will be enduring and resistant to the transition speed while passing 
through the advanced Energy tunnels by getting in touch with those Powers and 
thus, by transferring to Your Planet the Energies which had been Unknown until today. 
This will be for the benefit of Your World. We presume this much Information is enough. 



CENTER 



Note: 



In the olden times, during the Transition Program rendered at the end of the 
Cycle every 26,000 years, only those who were able to enter this Dimension were 
used to be chosen and those who were not able to, were used to be taken anew into 
a 26,000-year Evolution. And this is the phenomenon of becoming or turning into 
MOULD mentioned in the Book of Islam. 

This is why the Families of Friends who write the Knowledge Book in their own 
Handwritings are bestowed on them. And a very different Evolution Scale will be 
applied on Your Planet after the Year 2000 and thus, this Time will be shortened. It is 
presented for Your Information. 

IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION 

Our Friends, 

All operations made on the path of Past and Future Eternities have been the 
efforts made to bring You to the present days. Now, the Ripened Fruits will also ripen 
the other Gurzes. 

It will be as follows: first of all, Universes and Galaxies, later, the entire Mini 
Atomic Whole, still later, the other Atomic Wholes, later, a Total Gurz, still later, the 
Unification of the (GODLY GURZ), later, the entire POWER Universe and still later, the 
GREAT and the MAIN ATOMIC TOTALITY have been taken into the Program of 
Unification, the (GODLY GURZ) being the Center. 

This Information is a Program coming from beyond Billions of Centuries. However 
now, since it is desired that You should know each Truth, all the Information is given 
to You in all clarity. 



63? 



The phenomenon mentioned above is not something which will happen all of a 
sudden. It is for this very reason that the Evolutionary Scales have been rendered 
effective with great fastidiousness in Your MAIN NUCLEIC Planet which will bring into 
existence all these phenomena. Everything had started with You, everything will come 
into existence with You and everything will come to an End with Yc*u, It is presented 
for Your Information. 



SYSTEM 



Note: 



The Godly Ciirz is being opened to Your Planet for the first time as direct WORD. It 
is called the DIMENSION OF ALLAH. The Dimension of ALLAH is a Projective Focal Point 
within the Great Atomic. The Truth will be Consciously projected on Your Planet by giving 
Messages also to the other channels from this Dimension, through the direct WORD. 

9-9- 1989 
IT IS MY ADDRESS TO MY HUMAN BEING WHO BECAME HUMAN 

IT IS MY DIRECT WORD 

I have Treasures in this Void to be offered to You, You do not expect, You do not 
know. I have prepared Them for You. They belong to You as Your Due Share. I will 
give this Due Share of Yours back to You. However, in order to receive them, You 
should Deserve everything. Do not forget that DUE SHARE belongs to the one who 
DESERVES it. Due Share is Attained, first, by crossing the rivers of injustice. And when 
Due Share is attained, then the chains of the Universes are unchained. 

WHILE YOU WERE PRESENT - 1 WAS ALSO PRESENT 
WHILE YOU WERE SLEEPING - 1 WAS AWAKE 
WHILE YOU WERE SITTING - I WAS WALKING 
WHILE YOU WERE CRAWLING - I WAS RUNNING 
WHILE YOU WERE QUIET - 1 WAS TALKING 
I HAVE ROARED - YOU HAVE AWAKENED 
I HAVE CALLED - YOU HAVE COME 
I HAVE TALKED - YOU HAVE ABSORBED 
NOW IT IS YOUR TURN, O MANKIND! 

NOW, REMOVE YOUR LANGUOR, WAKE-UP - WALK - TALK AND RUN, I AM WAITING. 

DIMENSION OF ALLAH 



634 



VERY IMPORTANT 
(To Be Read Carefully) 

Our Friends, 

A new Diskette will be bestowed on Our Friends in February 1990 who write the 
Knowledge Book in their Handwritings, acting parallel to the Information We had 
given to You in the KNOWLEDGE BOOK formerly. 

This is a (Special Diskette) different than the ESSENCE-Diskette which will be 
card-indexed to everyone in the Year 1990. These Diskettes will be placed in Your 
ESSENCE- ARCHIVES not to be effaced ever again. 

A new Diskette (Special to You) will be assigned if You write in Your Notebooks, 
on the pages of the Knowledge Book You have written until today in Your Handwritings, 
the Direct Message given on (9/9/1989), together with the date on which the February 
1990 Fascicule has reached You. 

(The date on which the Direct Message has been given and the date on which 
You have received the Fascicule are very important). 

If Friends who have just taken the Knowledge Book in their hands decide to 
write the Book in their Handwritings, they are obliged to write the above given date, 
that is, (9/9/1989), together with the Date on which they begin to write the Book and 
the (Direct Message) at the beginning of their Notebooks. Only then will a Diskette 
be assigned to them. 

Those who had started to write the Book in their Notebooks formerly, are obliged 
to write the above mentioned Message and the Dates in their notebooks following 
the Message they had written last. (THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT). It is especially asked of 
You to conform to this matter fastidiously. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 

Note: 

1 . The given Direct Message and the Date, together with the date on which they 
are written in the Notebook will be written separately by putting them all in a 
frame. Later, the February Message will be written exactly as it is. 

2. The phenomenon of Handwriting the Knowledge Book is a Special Decision 
taken by the COUNCIL until the end of the year 2000 as a favor for Friends who 
will serve on this Dimension of Transition (It will not be valid afterwards). 

IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

During the Period of Integration of Universes, all Mental Potentials produce 
different questions with great speed. Only the sections of these questions concerning 
Society are given in the Knowledge Book as answers to the Thought Signals. 

One of the Questions asked was, (why no Universal or Technological Power can 
ever enter the Spiritual section of the Divine Dimension). Let Us now disclose this: 

635 



During Periods in which Divine Plans were not yet in effect, the Technological 
Totality had rendered effective a Collective operational Program parallel to the entire 
Universal Potential. 

However, by the cooperations made in the Medium of dissemination and 
multiplication, the DIVINE PLANS had been established and Universal Laws had been 
rendered effective in accordance with the Unification Totalities of Unified Fields and 
had been organized anew. 

In accordance with this operational Ordinance, Consciousnesses who were in 
the same Coordinate direction being assembled within their own Magnetic 
Dimensional Fields, their influences scattered to other Magnetic Fields were taken 
under Supervision and thus, numerous Unified Fields had been established. 

By this means, Magnetic fields' influencing each other had been prevented. For this 
reason no different Influence can ever enter the Spiritual Plan Magnetic Dimension, either, 

The reason why Technological and Galactic Dimensions can not enter the Spiritual 
field originates from this Occurrence. However, the Spiritual Dimensional Magnetic 
