Sunlight falls will grasp the Truth and, one day, will surely be illuminated. It is presented 
for Your Information. 

CENTER 



655 



MESSAGES FROM OTHER CHANNELS 

> 
Our Friends, 

The System which assumes that a great part of the Messages given to the 

Awakened Consciousnesses can not be placed in the Book, will send You the important 

Messages which will interest only the Social Consciousnesses. 

The Message given to Our Channel Friend on 1-1-1990 is aiMessage desired to 
be written in the Book. With the request that a brief identity of the Consciousness 
who had received the Message should be written in the Book, together with the 
Message as an Information. 

SYSTEM 

The Name of the Friend who received the Message: FATMA SOYOGLU 

Her Profession: TEACHER OF MATHEMATICS 

Her age: 31 

She is married and is the mother of a girl (She is not in the Mevlana Essence 
Nucleus Group). 



1-1-1990 



THE MESSAGE 



Hello Friends, 

We would like to say Hello to You in the new year, with new Powers, new 
Consciousnesses, new Brains. We wish You to be more Self-Sacrificing, more Conscious 
during the 1990 World year. 

Terrestrial issues, or Family issues should not be compared with the Issues of the 
LORD. Liberation will show You the right path. There are things You will do in every 
field. If one of them is not completed, You can not complete the other, either. 

Your World has begun to be completely showered by Cosmic rains. Events among 
countries, the corruption of the Administrative Orders of Nations are Gifts given to 
People. 

We have been telling You until today, "You should overcome Your Conditionings, 
and You should listen to the voice of Your Consciences". Those who have listened to 
Us have long received their shares from here. But You are not late, either, friends. 

We have always accepted the Lights of MYTHOS as Advanced Consciousnesses and 
as Our New Lights. We wish to give Information and Consciousness to those who will 
Awaken in the near future. V\te would like to present the KNOWLEDGE BOOK. We always 
wish to extend Our helping hands to You. Why do You insist on not holding them? 

The Mission of Your Planet is obvious. Human Beings are full of hatred and 
malice for other Human Beings. Human Beings despise Human Beings. Human 
Beings are crushing Human Beings, Friends. Will You still wait? 

656 



First, Innovate Your Own Selves. Become effective as Pioneers. Our assistance to 
You is infinite. Do not be afraid of making mistakes. Provided that the Path You will 
tread is for the Benefit of Humanity, and is towards the Order of YOUR LORD. 

Innovate Your Knowledge. Give examples not through Religious Doctrines, but 
through the KNOWLEDGE BOOK. Help Human Beings. (First help Your own 
Conscience, of course). Approach everything in Nature with Love and Respect. 
Overcome Your habits of producing Negatives. Invite Respect with Love, with Patience, 
with Tolerance. 

We do not desire Bloodshed in Your Planet. We try to prevent numerous Events 
beforehand. But You have become so Loveless that You can not even design the path 
You will follow. 

Do not misunderstand, Friends, it is not Our Intention to cause You grief or to 
hurt You, but to be able to help You, to be able to show You the Beautiful aspect of 
things, to be able to engraft You with the refinement of Self-Sacrifice. 

We always tell You, do not be afraid of Us. Be afraid of people among You with 
evil intentions. We are the Powers of assistance for You. 

If You have not yet understood that We will not be detrimental to You, please 
consult Your Consciences. If We had wished to be Detrimental, We would have proved 
it by now. 

If You can convey this Love and Tolerance We give to You to Your Planet, You will 
be able to save Your Friends. 

My Beloved Friend, do not let the length of the Message surprise You. We wish to 
call to all Focal Points through You. Please let Your Message be heard in all Focal Points. 

Do not be afraid of reactions. We wish everyone to be full of Mission 
Consciousness in the year 1990. We wish everyone to reach HIS/HER LORD with Love. 
(Not to take shelter in HIM). 

If We leave everything, all the effort to Dear Mevlana, if there are no Friends You 
■will save, if there is no KNOWLEDGE BOOK You will distribute, then why do You establish 
Focal Points? Why do You try to become Conscious? Will there be any point in it if 
You can not spread what You learn? 

We hope that Our Friends will pay attention to this Warning Message. We wish 
.all Your Planet Love, Tolerance, Patience, Mission Consciousness. With Our Love. 

COSMOS FEDERAL ASSEMBLY 



657 



1990 Fourth Month 
Fascicule 40 

IT JS NOTICE FOR THE PLANET EARTH 

Our Friends, 

To evaluate all these efforts made in the Unification Ordinance of the Universal 
Totality as the Triumph of the System makes Us unhappy In fact, the Triumph belongs 
to You, Our Terrestrial Brothers and Sisters. Our help is only in assessing Auras and in 
orienting them. 

If You, who will take over the JUST and POSITIVE World of the Morrows by Your 
Humane Consciousness did not exist, this Triumph would have never existed, too. Our 
Gratitude is infinite for Humanity who speaks and serves as Our Hands, Arms and Tongue. 

We always keep You, Our Friends who are in a Unification Consciousness and in 
a Unification Totality in which everything approaches the most perfect, in a Protective 
Dimension. Your Triumph is Our Triumph. Universes are Grateful to You. 



COUNCIL 



INTELLECT - HEART - GENUINE HUMAN BEING 



Our Friends, 

Those who are able to establish their Essence Coordinates by the Triangle of 
Intellect - Logic - Awareness, also attain the ability to do Consciously the most perfect 
of everything. In Sacred Books this is called, "the Unity of the Intellect and the Heart" 
which is not something that can be attained easily. 

In order to attain this, one has to cross numerous Bridges, to jump over hoops of 
Fire and to tread the Soil of the World many times. By this means, one Defies the 
Influence of the Years. The very Person who has reached this Stage is, for Us, a "Genuine 

Human Being". 

All the efforts made in order to Unite all Realms are operations made for Integrated 
Consciousnesses to be able to come together. We bring the Voice and the Breath of 
Universes to You who will be the Lights of the Morrows. Friends who will be able to 
respire that wonderful Breath are the Powers who will form the Triumphal Arches of 

the Worlds of the Morrows. 

At last, We are Together, Our Friends. Your Call is Our Call. Your Voice is Our 
Voice. Your Eye is Our Eye. Because now, an Important part of Your World can receive, 
even if very little, Your Lights who are Lights inside the Lights. We are Happy - We are 
Hopeful. 

SULH 



658 



IT IS ANSWER TO CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

The 26,000-Year Cycle is the Time Segment in a Gurz. Each Gurz has Time 
Segments and Dimensions peculiar to itself. However, their Universal Operational 
Ordinances are the same. Timelessness begins beyond the Gurzes. From there, doors 
are opened towards the Unknown Time Dimensions. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



THE LIGHT - PHOTON - CYCLONE TECHNIQUE 

Our Friends, 

Information given by the Land of Yunuses as the Suggestions of the Divine Plans 
carry the same Frequency Charge (They are not variable). These places are called the 
Land of Angels. 

This place is the SPIRITUAL SECTION of the Divine Realm. This Dimension known 
as the Grand Tent of Yunuses, the Congregation of Mevlana is also called the Land of 
The Loving Ones. 

The Knowledge Book is dictated directly by the LORDLY Section of the Divine 
Realm and is conveyed to Your Planet through the Channel of Alpha (The Information 
Frequencies here are variable in accordance with Consciousnesses). 

Both of these Totalities connected to the Technological Dimension, constitute 
the Hierarchical Totality (Connected to the Reality Totality). The Unified Reality Universal 
Totality carries the entire Obligation of the GURZ Dimension in connection with the 
ALL-MERCIFUL. 

The Knowledge Book is a Book dictated through the Channel of Alpha by the UNITED 
TOTALITY OF THE LORD. And all the Functions of the Book have been prepared in 
accordance with this Period of Transition. 

In this Book dictated by the Light - Photon - Cyclone Technique, the Frequencies of 
the Letters have a Special Supervision peculiar to themselves. This Book possesses a 
Technique which is able to converge in itself the entire Energy of the Time Segment in 
which it happens to be present at that moment, no matter in which Century it is read. 

This Book converging in Itself the Time Energy in which It happens to be present, 
locks this Energy in Itself and thus, shuts Its Doors against the Energies of more advanced 
Time Segments. 

During this Final Transition Dimension, the Knowledge Book gives Frequencies 
up to the 76th Dimension of OMEGA which is the Final Dimensional Frequency Your 
Planet is able to receive, and diminishes the Frequencies beyond that and thus, prevents 
the agitation of Consciousnesses, 



659 



There are many more Functions of the Characteristic of the Book. However, only 
those that may concern You, are mentioned. Some of these Functions are as follows: 

Operations rendered by this Light - Photon - Cyclone Technique Your Planet 
does not know yet, have the Power of mutating even the GENE Ciphers' of the (Entire 
Creation). By this means, Messages with different interpretations are given to You 
(Including the forms of clouds). 

In Later Centuries, when the Energy of Time the Book has converged in Itself 
Unites with the Consciousness of Advanced Times, the same lines of the Book will 
convey to You a very different Information. 

Letters will not change, sentences will not change, but the Book will convey to 
You the Information needed by the Time Segment in question, through the Frequency 
Projection Focii of the same lines. This is the reason why it is said (Everyone receives 
Information in proportion with the Consciousness he/she has attained). 

This is why the Knowledge Book is, at the moment, a GUIDE Book. It will be the 
ENLIGHTENMENT Book of the Morrows. And It will be a FUNDAMENTAL Book in even 
later Centuries. 



This KNOWLEDGE BOOK which is a key for the Consciousnesses charged with 
Mission, will be transferred to the DIRECT ORDER OF ALLAH by the Reality after rendering 
a service of Ten Centuries for Your Planet and thus, will offer Its different Functions for 
service. 

The Knowledge Book has various different Names in accordance with various Realities. 

Its Name in THE MEVLANA UNIFIED FIELD is (THE BOOK OF THE HUMAN BEING) or 
(THE GOLDEN FLEECE). 

Its Name in THE REALITY OF THE UNIFIED HUMANITY is (THE KNOWLEDGE BOOK - 
THE BOOK OF COSMIC LIGHT). 

Its Name in THE ORDINANCE OF THE COSMOSES is (THE UNIVERSAL CONSTITUTION). 

Its Name in THE SPIRITUAL DIMENSION is (THE SELECTIVE AND THE FINAL BOOK OF 
THE RESURRECTION). 

Its Name in THE ESTABLISHMENT SYSTEM OF THE GOLDEN AGE ts (THE GOLDEN BOOK 
OF THE GOLDEN AGE). 

Its Name in THE PLANET EARTH is (THE BOOK OF MORROWS - THE KNOWLEDGE BOOK 
- THE GUIDE BOOK - THE BOOK OF TRUTH). It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



660 



IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 

Our Friends, 

It is Our Duty to Declare to You some of the events which will take place during 
this Period in which Your Planet is prepared for difficult conditions. In order to provide 
Social Integration, the DIMENSION OF LOVE has been directly opened to Your Planet. 

Since this Projection is given Directly, it will cause opposite influences in certain 
negative Thoughts and it is beneficial for You to know them beforehand. On this path, it 
is imperative for everyone to first construct their Triangles of Intellect - Logic - Awareness. 

A Special Protective Energy Aura has been formed around Your Planet. This Energy 
Aura is rendered so that the Energy Potential formed in Your Planet will not escape 
out. This is an obligation which should be rendered due to the Scarcity of Time. 

Because, Your World will be Integrated by this Energy Accumulation. Since it is 
not possible for the entire Energy Intensity, Negative and Positive, to go up to the 
upper crust of Your Planet and since received Influences can not be totally attracted by 
Your Planet, local Fogs effect Your Health conditions. 

These Fog Accumulations occur rather in Regions where Godly Thoughts are 
Intense. Since the Attracted Currents can not be attracted by Consciousnesses other 
than certain Consciousnesses, the intense Fog influences the cities. 

Because, the Unknown Dimensions the Thoughts can not grasp yet are now 
being opened to Your Planet by abolishing the Ordinance of Graduation. 

Since the Frequency of the KNOWLEDGE BOOK will attract the Special Currents 
to be given through this Energy intensity, the services rendered on this path have 
been rendered effective as a Mission of the Integrated Consciousnesses. This is an Eve 

of Awakening. It is presented for Your Information, 

CENTER 

Note: 

The Special currents are opened to Special Regions under the direction of the Plan {In 
Your entire Planet). This will cause the Second Awakening of the Awakened 
Consciousnesses on the path of grasping the Truth. 

IT IS INFORMATION FOR PUBLIC CONSCIOUSNESS 

Our Friends, 

You are in an operational Order the Consequences of which are extremely Great. 
Each Living Entity bestowed on Your Planet is charged with Duty. Even each Animal in 
Nature has Programmed Duties. Nothing has been left to follow its natural course. 

/ 
The Functioning Ordinance of the Total is under Control by the EQUILIBRIUM 

COMMUNICATION INFLUENCES depending on Universal Formulas and Laws. 

Information given to You are related to Your Medium Consciousness. If We give all the 

Information here, the Books formed by the Information would exceed, more or less, 

ten times the weight of the World. 

661 



Now, let Us explain Scientifically how You were transferred to Your World: The 
transfer of a Baby is done depending on the System We have mentioned above, by 
Connecting the Initial Essence-Gene with the Evolutionary Essence in the System. And 
it is Programmed in accordance with the Duty it will perform. 

Hence it becomes a small Ball of Light. And its Power is more Powerful than 
many Energies. .The Fecundation Process in the Mother's womb-is done by this very 
Ball of Light. This Energy Ball is a Catalyser Uniting the Sperm with the Seed. 

" During the Beaming down process of the Final Vibrational Frequency, (the 
Embrion Triple Unification) undertakes the Duty of forming the Baby. If this Procedure 
takes place in a Period equivalent to the Period coinciding with the Time Period of the 
Ball of Light, that is, if the Evolution Consciousness of the Baby is equivalent to the 
Time Consciousness, the Direct Beaming down occurs automatically, through a function 
connected to the Automatism of the Plan. 

However, the Energy in the Spiritual Energy Channel connected to the Archive of 
the System gets in touch with the Mother Three or Four Months previously and thus, 
finds its own Main Essence Gene (Main Essence Gene and the Child's Essence Gene 
carry the same Code number in the Archive and they are a Whole which never gets 
disconnected). 

Afterwards, this Energy prepares its Medium in accordance with its Level of 
Consciousness. Only afterwards, the Ball of Light becomes effective and creates the 
Fecundation Medium. 

Besides carrying all the characteristics of its own Essence Gene, the Ball of Light 
also carries the special features of the Mother's and of the Father's Genes. However, 
the Genes of the Mother and the Father have effective priority until Puberty. 

Afterwards, the Veiled Awareness of its own Essence Gene unfolds one by one, in 
accordance with the Life layers and thus, the Missionary is prepared by the work he/ 
she is induced to do until he/she reaches the Dimension of Mission. And after it 
undertakes its Mission Consciousness, then the Essence Gene in question becomes 
effective (in All fields) with its entire Personality. 

Gene Transfers have been done since very ancient Periods. However, their taking 
their places as the Staff of Missionaries in the Ordinance of the System had occurred by 
the Covenants the Six Supreme Missionaries who had been the Essence Members of 
the System put Consciously to the Universal Constitution and thus, the System of the 
Sixes had been rendered effective (The Supervision of the Staffs of Missionaries had 
begun to be in service by this means). 

Formerly, this procedure had been as follows: only the Essence-Genes had used 
to be Engrafted on each other after leaving the body and thus, had used to form a 
Mixed System. However, by the System of Sixes a wider Social Engraftment had been 
started by all the Genes of the Body. This System had started by the Period of Moses 
and had ended by the final Transfer of Mevlana. 



662 



The Genes of Beyti and Kadri have rather been utilized in Christian and in Moslem 
Societies in Programs of Religious Progress and the other Genes have been left as 
Universal Awarenesses. All the people in Your Planet are Brothers and Sisters. However, 
since they do not know the Truth, differences in Consciousnesses occur. 

At the moment, the Plan has rendered effective the Last MEVLANA UNIFIED FIELD 
as the Universal Responsible One. In order to provide this Unification, Messages from 
Mevlana had been given to everyone years ago, and it still continues to be given. 

At the moment, Dear Mevlana is in her Second World Transfer She is the Mevlana 
whom You Know. That is, She is an Essence-Gene. This is why the KNOWLEDGE BOOK 
has been bestowed on Your Planet under the Obligation of the World LORD, under the 
Responsibility of DEAR MEVLANA. This Message is a Common Declaration through the 
Channel of the Center - Malik - Pre-eminent Spirit It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



IT IS NOTICE FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 



Our Friends, 

During these extremely Intense Periods in which the Ordinance of the Cosmoses 
has reached the Universal Awareness, the Gravity of Your World also increases. While 
the Awareness Potentials open to the Communication channels one by one due to 
the inability of these opened channels of reaching the Awareness of the Ordinance, 
different impositions are applied on Private channels due to individual Provocations. 

For this reason cracks seen on the Universal Unification Tableau will now be 
rendered ineffective, not to be restored ever again. The investment of the years has 
been the Light of the present days. However, the upsetting of the Total Ordinance by 
those who do not see that Light will result in the application of certain Special Sanctions. 
No Totality desires this. 

To Consciousnesses who will Participate in the true nature of this Message, their 
situations will be openly declared and the events experienced will be publicly exhibited. 
To the negative events which will take place between the Supreme Ones who come 
from the Land of Loving Ones and the Clergy Class, the Universal Totality will remain 
aloof to (the Totality outside the Reality Dimension). 

It is Our Duty to declare; this. This is a Decision taken by the Council. More 
positive assistance will come to You as a result of a Progress of One year. It is presented 
for Your Information. 

COUNCIL 



663 



IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION 

Our Friends, 

All the efforts made in the direction of the Knowledge Book are the projection of 
the Universal Totality on Your Planet and the conveyance of the Truth. This is why all 
Truths and Direct Information is conveyed to Your Planet through this Source, that is, 
through the Special Channel of the Knowledge Book. 

Totalities in Your Planet working as Associations and Groups are the Evolution 
Analyses connected to the chains of Cause and Effect. Everyone^' ex hi bits himself/herself 
parallel to the Mission he/she will perform. Only Consciousnesses who have Realized 
the Truth are directly the Missionaries of the System. Missions are organized in 
accordance with each person's Consciousness, Power and Effort. It is presented for 
Your Information. 

CENTER 



IT IS GENERAL MESSAGE 

Our Friends, 

The Totality which is the necessity of a Mediamic Age is being experienced in 
Your Planet in its entire Power. While the Cosmic Energy Concentrations formed due 
to the operations rendered reinforce the Material Energy Power of Your Planet, they 
also prepare You for Evolution and Purify You. 

Meanwhile, a Magnetic Energy Aura created outside the Atmosphere is a 
Protective shield for You. This Aura is an Energy Wall created as a preventive Precaution 
for the Negative Powers which may reach You. That is, just the way any substance 
entering through the final boundary of Your Atmosphere is destroyed by burning, the 
same method is in effect in this Energy Aura. 

However, since this Energy Field interrupts the Circulation of Your Planet's Ring 
of Breath, it may cause Depressions in certain Mental Functions, while the Constitution 
of Your World is regenerated by the influence of the intense Cosmic Currents Your 
Planet attracts and while it attains a more Powerful Armor by this means. 

For this reason the Frequency of the Knowledge Book which, at the same time, 
performs a Duty as a Supervising Factor will, in such events, perform the function of a 
Regulator. The Knowledge Book provides a Frequency rise up to the 76th Energy 
Dimension. However, it locks the further Energies up after this and thus, has also a 
balancing function in accordance with the Frequency of the person who reads it. 

By this means, people continue to perform both their Terrestrial and their Universal 
Missions Consciously, under the supervision of their Intellect - Logic - Awareness 
Triangles without having any Spiritual Depression by any means. The mentioned 
Magnetic Energy Aura is a Second Ring formed outside the Energy Rings of Your World. 






Afi4 



In order to explain this better, We consider it as being outside Your Atmosphere. 
In fact, this Ring is an Energy Projection Focal Point forming the Energy Intensity so 
that the attracted Cosmic Energies can remain on Your Planet. 



You. 



For this reason all operations done Unawarely return back to You and influence 
First of all, this causes the air pollution to settle on Your cities like a fog. 



By the Announcements We had given to Your Planet years ago, We had declared 
to You that You would have difficulty in Breathing and We had suggested in those 
Periods that You should take precautions. And if You remember, We had told You that 
"You were a Planet destroying itself". 

We have not declared to You in detail matters concerning Your Planet until today. 
However now, We will announce to You all the Truths in the smallest details by this Book. 
Because, Time is Scarce. This situation influences the Constitutions in a negative way, 

Being able to go outside this Energy Reflector will only be possible by receiving 
the Special Energies the System projects Specially on Your Planet through the 
Mechanism of Influences. And these Energies will be received only when they Unite 
with the Frequency of the Knowledge Book. 

Consciousnesses who can go outside this Energy Aura will attain the Power of being 
able to reinforce Their Constitutions by the Cosmic Influences they attract from that 
Dimension. For this reason You were asked to propagate to the remotest possible corners. 

Now, the Healing of everyone is given to his/her own Hand. One of the reasons 
why it is said, "Everyone is utterly alone. No one can intercede for anyone else" is this. 
(Those who read the Book for the Purpose of attaining Benefit can never go outside 
this Ring). In the Missions performed, it is imperative to understand the Truth and to 

act by Mission Consciousness. 

This System is a Communication Channel organized by an Electronic Order and 
which becomes effective in accordance with Thought Forms. The Great Race has 
Started. This is not a race of Championship. This Mission is a Mission performed for a 
PURPOSE. This is Your Salvation. And You are coming to Us with Healthy Mentalities 
- Healthy Physical Constitutions. 

THE UNITED TOTALITY COUNCIL 

Note: \ 

The Creation of the Energy Auca is a necessary Occurrence for the life of Your Planet. 

IT IS GENERAL INFORMATION 

Our Friends, 

Your Planet is exhibiting the application field of a very much accelerated Program 
of Progress due to the investments everyone has made in the Union of the Suns. Even 
though the given Information carry the Frequency of very Advanced Dimensions, its 
projection does not agitate You since the Mechanism of Supervision is in effect. 



665 



■M 



Information given directly by the common sections of the Reality will, from now 
on, be taken under control through the Reflection Channels of Human Consciousnesses. 
By this means, the System, now, will control the Consciousnesses not through the 
channel of the person in question, but through the reflection channels of other people. 
Mental Totalities will be reached by these Control Channels. 

The Reality Totalities have trained and coded You until today as Individuals by 
the Reflection System. And now, it supervises everyone's channel by other channels 
which are on the same Coordinate. The Purpose in this is that Consciousnesses who 
have attained a Humane Totality will reflect on other Consciousnesses and thus, will 
Train and Purify them from close plan. This is the nice side of the Program. 

And the other side is as Follows: Every Consciousness has concealed Archives in 
his/her Subconscious secret partitions. This may remain locked up in the Subconscious 
of the person in question. Only the secret key of the other Consciousness can unlock 
this lock. For this reason this technique is in effect. By this Technique, every Individual 
who is connected to the Mechanism of Conscience reflects on the other Individual 
and by this means, mutual Consciousness comprehensions are supervised. 

At the moment, such a method is applied that since everyone's channel is 
connected to the Center, when the System closes its Message giving Focus to Your 
Planet, all Consciousnesses automatically reflect on each other and thus, Consciousness 
progressions are rendered by different Thoughts. 

All the operational Totalities of years are conveyed from Person to Person by this 
means, thus, from time to time, a more accelerated Period of becoming Conscious has 
been rendered effective. By this means, We are trying to make You grasp the Truth 
more quickly. 

That is, the System has now cancelled the direct channels and has rendered effective 
the channel of reflection from Person to Person. On this path, Your best helpers are Your 
Triangles of Intellect - Logic - Awareness. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 

IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 

Our Friends, 

During Periods in which Divine Evolution Steps are continuously ascended and 
in which Centuries are added to Centuries, Unifications rendered in the framework of 
a discipline by the implementation of negative events which will take place among 
Consciousnesses who undergo transformation are taken in hand as the Two Eras of 
each Period. 

The Awakening between the initial 7 Ages and the final 7 Ages of the Koran, the 
Final Book of Islam, had been achieved by different methods. This is an Operational 
Ordinance. 



666 



The initial 7 Ages and the final 7 Ages of the Knowledge Book will also comprise 
different Ordinances. The initial Age of the Book will come to an end at the beginning 
of the 30th Century. However, before that, the Period of One Century comprising the 
end of the 28th Century and the entire 29th Century will be rendered effective as the 
Preparatory Period for the Second Age. 

The Knowledge Book which is rendered effective, in fact, as the Book of the 21 st 
Century, has 2 Centuries of a Preparatory Program after its 7 Centuries of Program of 
Consciousness Progress. This era is called (The Unification Periods). 

In this Preparatory Program, the 28th Century will be rendered effective as the 
Second Awakening Program and the 29th Century, as the Preparatory Period (This 
Period is called the Era of FETRAT). Only the operations to occur afterwards will be an 
Age in which the operations parallel to the Scientific Progress will be exhibited. 

Humanity will become Conscious and will be Unified during the Initial Period, 
and during the Second Period it will continue its Conscious enterprises by Realizing 
the Truth. The Initial 7 Ages is called "the Golden Age" and the Second 7 Ages is 
called "the Age of Fetrat". It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 

Note: The (7) Ages mentioned in the Message corresponds to (7) Centuries. 

A Question was asked: We reguest the Letter Coding of the Final Age. Please, kindly 
give it. 

Answer: Information for Dear Mevlana. Notice for the Pen of the Golden Age. Write, please: 

F for France 

E for Evren (Universe, in Turkish) 

T for Tanri (God, in Turkish) 

R for RA 

A for Allah 

T for Tanri (God, in Turkish) 

Code it: (FETRAT). It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



EXPLANATION: 



The spelling of this word in the dictionary is (FETRET). The meaning of this Word 
in the English dictionary is as follows: 

Fetret (Period of Interregnum) is such a Period that it is an Intermediary Regime 
in which the normal rules are not valid. 



And its meaning in the Turkish dictionary is as follows: in a place where the 
(Power) of Success of the State has come to an end, the pause which follows until this 
Power is re-established (Period of Stagnancy). 

667 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

The Order of the Golden Age which will be established in future Centuries is 
called the FEUDAL ORDER. This Order has nothing to do with the Order You call 
Feudalism. This is an extremely Just and a Free Order. 

The WORLD STATE of the Morrows will be a Feudal Totality. This System projected 
on You as a projection of the Equitable Unifications here is the Collective Operational 
Order of numerous Reality Councils of the Reality of the Unified Humanity. 

This Totality is called the FEUDALITY TOTALITY. The Federative Group Unifications 
Administered by Cantons constitute the CENTRAL SUN TOTALITY. This Totality is called 
the FEDERAL CENTRAL SYSTEM. It is presented for Your Information. 



( 



CENTER 



ANNOUNCEMENT 



Our Friends, 

In fact, there is no Imposition on any Consciousness by any means in the Universal 
Totality. Everyone has the freedom of choosing the path he/she will select, by his/her 
Free Spirit and Free Awareness, in accordance with his/her own Conscience and 
Consciousness. 

On the path coming from the Micro to the Macro, the General Sanctions applied 
on everyone are Your Programs of Conveyance to a certain Level of Consciousness. To 
Consciousnesses who have Elevated up to this Level, no Sanction is applied whatsoever. 
And Human Being is handed over to his/her own Consciousness and Conscience. 

Now, during the Progress of this Final Age, the entire Humanity will be connected 
to the Mechanism of Conscience and thus, will personally choose the path he/she will 
tread by his/her own Consciousness. For this reason the System now leaves the 
Consciousnesses who were able to elevate to the Consciousness Frequency of the 
Reality alone with their Free Souls and Free Awarenesses and has given their choices 
in their own hands. 

When the Supervision Channel of the System is closed to Your Planet, the Human 
Consciousnesses Automatically reflect from the Human being to the Human being. 
And the System will close its Supervision channel to Your Planet for ( One World Year). 

For this very reason, Consciousnesses who transmit on the same Coordinates 
will Automatically come together. The Human Potential which can also receive 
influences from other Consciousnesses will decide itself towards which direction it 
will design its own path. It is Our greatest wish and desire that Humanity could see 
the Truth in accordance with its own Consciousness. 

FEDERAL UNIFICATION TOTALITY 



668 



Note: 

Now, the Human Being has been given to the Human Being. For this reason the 
entire Truth has been declared to You. Information concerning Your Planet will still be 
conveyed to You through the Channel of the Knowledge Book as usual. 

AWARENESS AND EVOLUTION OF CRUDE MATTER 

Our Friends, 

In Dimensions of Relative Time, everything which undergoes the Progress of Time 
is changeable. However, We would like to give You, as a pre-lnformation, the reason 
why certain objects the Material Form Energies of which do not change, do not undergo 
a transformation. 

For example, how do objects kept in Museums as Historical Documents, and 
Documents and Proofs still kept under the Earth as the Archives of changing Times 
and which await Your discovery resist the changeable Energy of this Relative 
Dimension? This very thing is a Power equivalent to the Evolution of that object. 

The Crude Matter of every object made takes a Form and is offered to the Medium 
and Society in which it exists for various needs. That object is Integrated with the 
Evolution of Essence of the person to whom it belongs and who utilizes it. 

Each Matter has a Cellular Awareness peculiar to itself. Its Cellular Awareness + 
the Form Energy of the Time + Unites with the Consciousness Awareness of the Person 
who Makes it and, by this means, the Essence-Form of that object is created. 



1 



This Form takes a Form by attracting the Coarse or the Fine Energies of the Essence- 
Awareness Consciousness of the person who makes it, being equivalent to the 
Evolutionary Awareness of the Crude Matter. And these Forms send him/her a Signal 
of Liking in accordance with the Evolution of the person who buys it and thus, induces 
that person to buy it. (Whichever Object it may be). 

If the person who buys that object has completed his/her Evolution of Essence, 
he/she Unites his/her own Essence- Energy with the Material Awareness oT that Object 
by using it. And during the processes of time, That Object is Engrafted with the 
continuously changing Time Energy in the hands of those who use it. 

The moment the person who uses it Last, Transcends himself/herself and attains 
him self /herself, the Dimensional Energy to which he/she reaches reflects on the Cellular 
Awareness of the Object he/she uses. And that Cellular Awareness locks the Time 
Energy in which it is present in the Awareness of its Matter and thus, it is appropriated 
into the Historical Archives not to change its Form ever again. And this is the Crude 
Matter Evolution of that object. 

If the Matter Awareness of an object has not formed a strong bond, some of them 
crack or break without any apparent reason, or merge in the Time Awareness by becoming 
dust as time goes by, by the influence of the changing Dimensional Energies. 



669 



An object bought offers itself to the liking of the person who buys it and makes 
him/her buy it. If that object is given as a present to someone else, and if it does not 
like the medium to which it goes and if it can not agree with the Essence-Consciousness 
of its new owner, it destroys itself by its Cellular Awareness, that is, it breaks and goes 
into pieces (even if You have liked that object). 

If an object wishes to become Immortal by Integrating its Evolution of Essence with 
the person it likes, it continuously sends Signals of Liking by its Cellular Awareness in 
order to be near that person all the time and, by this means, it provides a Mutual Totality. 

And the Immortality of the object occurs thus. 

? If the former owner of an Antique object returns to the World during Incarnation 
cycles, and if he/she is confronted with his/her former object, he/she feels a passionate 
Sympathy for that Object, even if that person is a Veiled Awareness. Even he/she 
himself/herself does not know the reason for this. 

/ 
By this means, many Human Beings reown, either Consciously or Unconsciously, 

various Antique objects they hadjormerly owned. 

The Evolution of Objects begins with Cellular Awareness and is locked up by 
Matter Awareness and the Awareness of the Time. 

An object lives long or short in accordance with the Evolution Signals of the 
person who uses it. Or, if it has been locked up by the Awareness of the Time, it does 
not let its owner use it, it makes him/her keep it in the show-case and thus, it is 
appropriated into History. We may formulate all these issues as follows: 

1 . Cellular Awareness of the Object + Essence-Awareness of the person who makes 
it = the Unification Awareness of Crude Matter is formed. 

2. Cellular Awareness of the Object + Essence-Awareness of the Person who Buys it 
+ Two Signals of Liking = creates the Evolution of Cellular Awareness. 

3. Unification Awareness of Crude Matter + Evolution of Cellular Awareness + the 
Final Evolution Dimension of the Person = transformation of the Object's Form 
Energy into the Awareness of Time and its being Locked up. 

There is also the Coding tests of the System in the Signalization of buying certain 

objects. 

Your Frequency is projected on an object and by the influence of the System, You 
are expected to buy that object so that Your Perception can be assessed. And You 
search and find that object no matter where You are in the World and by this means, 
You integrate with the Universal Signalizations. 

There is a silent dialogue between each object and its owner. Thought is a great 
Factor here. 



I 



670 



For example, You have liked an object, but could not buy it at that moment. If 
that liking is very Passionate, You Lock that object by Your Thoughts. Then, that object 
can not be sold to anyone, it awaits You. This Message has been given as an example 
for the Thought Form Energy. It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

By the Direct Unification of the DIMENSION OF THE ALL-MERCIFUL with You in 
Your Planet, the GODLY NUCLEUS will form, Being reflected on the Totality, this Nucleus 
will Mature the Universes. 

This Universal Power Totality which is being formed will form the reflection Focal 
Point of the GODLY TOTALITY at the POWER Dimension and, by this means, Connections 
with other GURZES will be accelerated. 

Powers who have rendered Direct Consciousness Progress up to the DIMENSION 
OF THE ALL-MERCIFUL are directly connected to the other GURZES at the moment. 
However, these Consciousnesses are not yet able to receive these Influences. 

This is a Preparation. By these Energy Transfers, Reflections from a Total will be 
made. It is presented for Your Information. ,_ 

CENTER 

IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 

Our Friends, 

Supreme Consciousnesses way beyond Divine Plans are effectively in service as 
the Advanced Staff Members of the System. In this Dimension of Transition, all the- 
work done on the path the System considers necessary are done for the dissemination 
of an extra-ordinary Medium. 



V 



As a result of the Interviews held with the Supreme Ones in the Supreme Plan of 
OUR ALLAH, a Selection will be rendered among certain Supreme Consciousnesses 
coming from the Land of Loving Ones. 

Services which can not be rendered on the path of Equity are out of the System. To 
establish a Connection, to receive Information are not Virtues. The Purpose is to be in 
-step with the pace of Age. And this is an issue of Personality and Strength. 

Defects observed in the operational Medium the System considers necessary in 
Your Planet will be eliminated by the Supreme Plan. From now on, Messages to be 
given to You will be about Personalities rather than conveying Information. 



671 



It is necessary that the Personality should be Unified with Consciousness as a 
Whole so that everyone can completely utilize the Awareness he/she will receive from 
the (Essence-Main-Essence). This is the very reason why the Plan of the Supreme Ones 
has started to serve at this Stage. 

We had mentioned in Our former Messages that the interpretation of Messages 
would change. Now, Personality Plans of Divine Dimensions have been rendered effective. 

Certain negative events to be experienced so that Human Beings may attain a 
Personality in which they will attain the Power of acting by only Mission Consciousness 
where no one blames anyone else, where people give secondary importance to their; 
own Desires, will convey Human Beings to a more advanced Consciousness of Truth. 

Mediums where Intellects and Hearts have not been unified are never Permitted 
to enter this Dimension of the Supreme Ones. Those who can not attain the Virtues of 
this Dimension of the Supreme Ones, can never enter the Dimension of Truths promised 
to You until today. 

For this reason, by Projecting the Negativities in the Human Being onto the 
Human Being, the Advanced Views are supervised thus. 

This Plan is a Light of Consciousness beyond Knowledge. This Plan is a Light of 
* Consciousness beyond Mission. This Plan is a Light of Love beyond Love. This Plan is 
the Light of Consciousness of the Human Being's Personality. And passing through 
the filter of this Plan is only possible when there are no impurities left. 

From now on, the Human Beings will eliminate the Human Beings by repelling 
them during this Program of Elimination^ (Until the Consciousness of the Conscience may 
accept there are no impurities left). Now, Selections are from the Human Being to the 
Human Being. 

. In those whose Love is misty, Lovelessness, in those whose Consciousnesses are 
misty, Lack of Knowledge, in those whose Minds are in the World, indulgences for the 
World will be observed. And Human Consciousnesses will be selected, one by one, by 
this means. 

Now, everyone's Intellect is given to his/her own Intellect, Conscience is given 
to his/her own Conscience, Consciousness is given to his/her own Consciousness. 
On this path, Selections are quite difficult and hard. Human being will devour Human 
Being. That which has been Sown, will be Reaped. Unifications with Genuine 
Consciousnesses who came from the Land of Loving Ones will be Integrated. 

This is such a System that by these Conscience Announcements made by the 
application field of the Plan of the Supreme Ones, the most perfect Human Beings will 
be assembled on the positive path in the Conscience - Equilibrium scales. 

The smallest repelling in the Thoughts of those around You (even if they are Your nearest 
and dearest) will immediately repel! You. This is the most difficult Exam of Humanity. However, 
the Serenity to be attained at the end is the price of Billions of Centuries. 

612 



Transitions from Realms to Realms are done by this means. The secret Potential 
of everyone is encouraged by this means. Those who have kindled the Light of the 
Supreme Heart are those who also hold in their hands the Rule of Realms. 

Those who will be able to undertake the Frequency Powers of different 
Dimensions, and the Powers who will grasp the Truth in this Frequency Skein and will 
Consciously slip out of it are with Us, are with Our Lord. 

Those who hoist the flag are those who Conquer everything, who receive the 
Love, who establish the Orders, who hold in their hands the secret Key of the Universes. 



SYSTEM 



IT IS GENERAL MESSAGE 



Our Friends, 

Interpretation of the Messages to be given from now on will change even more 
as the days go by. However, at the moment, Messages prepared parallel to Social 
Views are now conveyed to Your Planet in all clarity and in all intensity. 

The Third Set of the Knowledge Book is a direct Frequency Book. Everyone who 
reads the Messages Realizes this. The Final Fascicules of this Book will unfold all the 
Truths to Consciousnesses by inducing the Evolution of a Thousand Years to be made 
in a time like One Day. 

The Frequency of the Book will gain more Density by adding the Frequency of 
the Information given to other channels by the System, to the Total Frequency of the 
Knowledge Book. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



MESSAGES FROM OTHER CHANNELS 

Our Friends, 

The Archive of the PRE-EMINENT POWER which is one of the 600 Books being dictated 
directly by the Land of Angels has not the Permission to be Published, since its time has 
not come yet. However, the decision has been taken to disclose from this Book the 
Information parallel to Public Consciousness in the Knowledge Book, from time to time. 

Dear Mevlana, the Universal Totality, wishing You kindly to write, the identity of 
Our Friend and the desired Messages in the Book, has reached this decision by 
considering that the Knowledge Book will be understood better under the Light of 
thr&Jnformation. With the kind request of acceptance of Our Love. 



r 



SYSTEM 



673 



Message received by 

Birth 

Marital Status 



METIN TANERGUN - ARCHITECT 

21 December, 1945 (46 years old) 

Married, is the father of a happy home with 2 children one of 
which is a girl, the other a boy. (The whole Family, including . 
the mother and the 1 7 and 18 years old children are all 
Mediums). He does not read the Knowledge Book and is not 4 \ 
a member of the Mevlana Esse nce-N dele us Group. 



"^ 



I AM THE SUPREME IMMORTAL WITHIN THE WHITE RUBY - 

If You only knew what I Am Who had come into existence in the infinite void in 
which there had been nothing, 

If You only knew the Source of Me and the Creative Power, 

If You only knew, by Your present Knowledge, the secret of the first occurrence 
of the Galaxies which had come into existence in the Space, 

If You only knew what the Power providing the occurrence of the Matter and 
Universes is in the void You call Space, 

And the most important of all, if You only knew what things there are in the 
places where You say there is nothing in My Space, in the Void, 

You remain far away from ME and from the INFINITE, so long You consider all 
these things incomprehensible and unattainable. 

GREAT POWER 

The Cell and its Structure which are the Soul of You, My Human Beings and the 
infinite rotations within My Cosmos which are My Soul are the SAME. The System 
directing the Feelings in You, My Cosmos and the Electro Magnetic Waves and 
Frequencies providing the OMNIPOTENCE in Me are the SAME. The Ability and 
Creativity in You, My Human Beings and the Nucleus which is My ESSENCE are 
the SAME. 

Then, Am I the SAME with You? In fact, if I Am Real, then You are also Real. 
However, it is not ever possible for You, in Your present states, to understand 
completely what I Am and what I Am not., Information given to You is for assisting 
Your Evolution and for Raising Your Cerebral Powers. 

I can not give heavy food to the Baby who drinks milk, because then You can not 
digest it. I can not give 1 000 Watts to a 1 00-Watt bulb, because then You melt 
and disappear. I can not impose upon You more than Your Capacities, because 
then You are ruined and perished. I can not show You how much I Love You, 
because then You do not Obey Me, You will not Evolve and will revolve where 
You are, until Eternity. 

GREAT POWER 



674 



When the Skies will be full of those magnificent Lights and demonstrations and 
when My Messengers come from My dark Spaces, each of My Human Being will 
look at the Sky and will see everything and the Truth. 

When Mosques are drawn on the Heavens of Moslem Countries and Churches 
are drawn on the Heavens of Christian Countries, and when the Skies are full of 
demonstrations, My Messengers and My Human Beings in the World will be 
Integrated and will become Single and they will Embrace them. 

"THAT" VERY DAY the (RESURRECTION) I have mentioned in My Sacred Books 
will crack. But not the RESURRECTION You suspect. 

GREAT POWER 



17 November 1989 

MESSAGES FROM THE ARCHIVE OF THE PRE-EMINENT POWER 
(Receiver: Metin Tanergun) 

You, who are trying to solve the Space and Me, the reason of the deed You 
perform is to create a New and Perfect Society. 

To create a Society which can keep its Development and its Consciousness on a 
High Level. 

To create a Society which can Communicate with My other High Civilizations in 
My space. 

