arranges this Information in accordance with the Social Consciousness. For this reason, 
there are Information differences between the First Seven and the Last Seven. 



CENTER 



EXPLANATION 



Our Friends, 

Each Planet and System is dependent on an Evolutionary Plan in accordance 
with the Medium it is in. And its Scales of Progress are prepared according to more 
advanced Dimensions. For example, Your Planet is in the Third Dimension and it is 
dependent on a Program and Ordinance of Progress on the border line of Four, Five, 
Six, Seven. 

However, in each Dimension, it attains a Strength in accordance with the Power 
which can receive the Energy of a more advanced Dimension. For example: 

1. The place which is called Heaven is the Fourth Dimension. Those who can receive 
the Frequency of the Ninth Dimension can enter here. 

2. The Fourth and the Fifth Dimensions are the Entrance and the Exit gates of KARENA. 
Those who can receive the Energy and the Frequency of the Tenth Dimension get the 
Permission to Enter here (We say Permission, because here, the condition that the 
Evolvement considered necessary by the Plan and the Energy Frequency which is in 
the Spiritual Plan should be equivalent, is valid). This is the Cube System. 

3. The Sixth and the Seventh Dimensions are the Existence and the Final Boundaries 
for the Human Being. The manifestation of the Final Boundary is the Human Being. 
He/She cannot pass to Dimensions beyond that by his/her own desire. 
Transformation is a must. Those who can receive the Energy of the Eleventh 
Dimension are taken here. The Eighth Dimension is the Spiritual, the Ninth 
Dimension is the Lordly Mechanism. 

4. You can claim Your Essence-Energy within the Spiritual Plan only if You can receive 
the Energy Frequency of the Twelfth Dimension. 

5. You dive into the Lordly Plan by the Energy of the Thirteenth Dimension. 

The Book of Islam had been prepared in the Eighteenth Dimension, but had been 
revealed through the Ninth Dimension in accordance with the Social Consciousness. 

But now, all of You are habituated directly to the Energy of the Eighteenth Dimension 
by the Cosmic Energies given Specially to Your Planet and by the high Frequency carried 
by this Knowledge Book, And You will be induced to pass beyond the Nineteen. 



All the Efforts are for the Salvation of You, Our Terrestrial Friends. It is presented 
for Your Information. 

CENTER 

338 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

1. The first Seven of the first 49 (is the Knowledge of Seven Terrestrial Layers). 

2. The first Seven of the Second 49 (is the Knowledge of Seven Celestial Layers). 

3. The first Seven of the Third 49 (is the Knowledge of Seven Universal Layers). 

The Book of Islam had been prepared in the 1 8th Step of the First 49 and had 
been projected on Your Planet from its 9th Step. Almost all of the Universal Knowledge 
has been given in KORAN, the Book of Islam, in a veiled form. All this Information is 
completely the Knowledge of the first 49. 

The SIRIUS Method is the application of the first Universal Plan on Your Planet. 
Your Sacred Books have been bestowed on You for this reason. Now, the Consciousness 
Level of Your Planet is being prepared up until the 18th step until the year 2000. 

Your present Level of Consciousness (as Religious Dimension) is the first 9 of the 
first 49. You receive the further Information from all the Universes, collectively. 

CENTER 

LET US EXPLAIN THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN MORE DETAIL 

1 . The Knowledge of Seven Terrestrial Layers means to attain a Consciousness up to 
the Absolute Time. This Boundary line is from the Third Dimension up to the 
Fourth Dimension. You can attain this by Religious Purification (We call it Religious 
Ascension). 

2. The Fourth Dimension is the Station You call Heaven. Here, there are many Ranks 
and Layers. This Dimension is the Entrance Gate of KARENA. The Incarnation 
Boundary line ends here. Afterwards, You receive the Knowledge of Seven Celestial 
Layers. By means of this Knowledge, one renders the Ascension of Consciousness. 

3. Passage from Four to Five is the Ascension of Consciousness. In the Fifth 
Dimension there are Two Tranquil Times and Five Supreme Times. There, You 
are prepared for the Medium of Immortality. Your Genes are Engrafted by being 
habituated to Special Energies. 

4. The Final Gate of the Fifth Dimension is the Exit Gate of KARENA. You pass to the 
Sixth Dimension by being born into the Dimension of Immortality. Here, one 
renders Ascension of Universe. 

5. Passing to the Sixth Dimension is the Genuine Ascension (The Ascension 
mentioned in Your Religious Books is this). 

6. In passing from Five to Six, You pass to the Universal Dimension by rendering 
Ascension of Universe. Here, Religions are not valid any more. 

7. By the Consciousnesses You attain here, You dive into the INFINITE AWARENESS. 
You claim Your Genuine Body and You become the Ruler of Your own self. From 
then on, You can emigrate or stay anywhere You Want. 



339 



8. The Consciousness of SEVEN TERRESTRIAL LAYERS - SEVEN CELESTIAL LAYERS - 
SEVEN UNIVERSAL LAYERS (are limited up to the Seventh Dimension). The 
manifestation of the boundary corresponding to these Three Sevens is the HUMAN 
BEING. 

9. Seven Terrestrial Layers: Boundary line of Incarnation (are the Third and Fourth 
Dimensions). 

Seven Celestial Layers: Boundary line of preparations for the Dimension of 
Immortality (are the Fourth and Fifth Dimensions). 

Ascension by the Knowledge of Seven Universal Layers - one attains Universal 
Awareness - Universal Consciousness. This is the (Sixth and Seventh Dimensions). 

10. Afterwards, Intense Energy Dimensions begin. That which creates the Blackness 
of the Space is the Three Layers of Universe-Cluster. 

11. The Black color gives the Unification of the 49 colors of each Universe-Cluster. 

12. Three Universe-Clusters are the intense Energy of the Three 49 colors. 

13. The addition of these Three 49s gives 147 colors of which We had mentioned 
before as the Cipher Code of the MIGHTY ENERGY FOCAL POINT. In Your Book 
this is mentioned as the Name of ALLAH (see, 1986, Fourth Month, Fascicule 16, 
read ALPHA and BETA.) 

14. The initial Gate of the MIGHTY ENERGY FOCAL POINT begins from here. We had 
mentioned before that Seven Universes were one inside the other. 7X7=49, that 
is, the intense Energy of the 7 Universes is the Vibration and the Sound of the 49 
colors (this is a Universe-Cluster). 

15. These Three Universe-Clusters constitute the Initial Entrance Gate of the MIGHTY 
ENERGY FOCAL POINT. 

CENTER 

NOTE: In fact, there are no boundaries in between the above mentioned 
Dimensions. They are all an Energy Total. We separated them by boundaries for You 
to understand the degree of intensity of the Energies. Dimensions and the Supreme 
Times are Interminable. However, We gave these levels for You to understand Your 
Manifestation Boundary better. These levels are the Dimensions of preparation. It is 
presented for Your Information. 

OUR FRIENDS 

It will be beneficial to explain a matter here which the Islamic Society is curious 
about. Our Light-Friend MOHAMMED MUSTAFA and all the Prophets who are Our Light- 
Friends, had come into Existence from the Light-Universe, that is, from the Third 49. 

They had been bestowed on Your Planet equipped with*the Knowledge of 7 
Terrestrial Layers of the First Step of the First Universe-Cluster, that is, of the first 49. 
Afterwards, they had reached the 7 Universal Dimensions which is the final Evolutionary 
Step of the ALPHA Dimension, by the Evolutions they had achieved on Your Planet. 



340 



Winn ip inHjifHK i:|niM.ii>or><;mn L 4|iwpn" in i 






Beyond this limit, one can not achieve a normal Bodily transfer as an Energy. 
One can only receive Information from there. It is considered that this Information 
should be dealt with from the Scientific point of view. However, due to the lack of 
time, for now, We are not emphasizing these matters. 

Now, We will explain to You the following. MEVLANA had reached the Level 
where Our Light-Friend MOHAMMED MUSTAFA had come into Existence, by the 
Progress he had achieved in accordance with the Plan of Exaltation. This means that 
he had received all the Knowledge in the 7th Step of the Light-Universe. 

And now, by the Knowledge Book, she is receiving the Information of the 9th 
Step of the Light-Universe. By the Information which will be given from now on, She 
will advance 5 more Steps and will give Information to Humanity from Our Source. 
And she will prepare for Salvation those who will enter the MEVLANA SUPREME PLAN 
under the Light of the Plan. 

The WORLD BROTHERHOOD UNION is the Roof Of (MEVLANA). A different Medium 
will be entered with the Supreme Ones who will enter under this Roof. And the wings 
will be opened towards the Unknowns by a different Evolutionary System. By this means, 
the Doors of Advanced Knowledge of the GOLDEN AGE will be opened, one by one, to all 
the Universes and they will be introduced. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



EXPLANATION OF THE TRIANGLE OF THE WORLD BROTHERHOOD UNION 

1 . O 1 = Operational Focal Point of the MECHANISM OF LORDs, Plan and Frequency 

of the ALMIGHTY. 

2. M = The Representative of the Islamic Dimension, Our Light-Friend MOHAMMED 

MUSTAFA (This M here represents His Frequency). 

3. K = The Representative of the Christian Dimension, 

Our Light-Friend )ESUS CHRIST. 

(The letter K here represents His Frequency.) 

4. M - Mevlana, the Representative of the Dimension 

of Humanity. (This letter M here represents 

Mevlana's Frequency.) 

Now, let Us explain the Unification of the 

Frequencies: 

(OM) : The Unification of these two Frequencies is the Highest Frequency. This is a 
Focal Point which supervises the entire World Frequency. The supervision of Your 
Planet had been connected to the (OM) Frequency. 

(MOM): The Unification of these Three Frequencies is the Universal Supervision 

Frequency. 

(The Unification of all the Frequencies in the Brotherhood Triangle is the Supervision 
Frequency of the entire UNIFIED REALITY of the MEVLANA UNIFIED FIELD and of the 
Focal Point called the LAND OF EAGLES). It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 




341 



1987 Fifth Month 
Fascicule 23 

NOTICE FOR THE MEVLANA ESSENCE NUCLEUS CROUP 

This is Center Above the Center. The Suggestions given to You are being given 
from the Special Focal Sources of the Golden Age. The Actual Focusing Point of the 
Suns which spring forth from the Essence of the Entire Cosmos is this place Here. 

We are always in touch with You. As a result of the Special operations done in Your 
Focal Point, the Frequency and the Levels of Consciousness of everyone is Coded one by 
one, and by this means, steps are taken forward towards the advanced Dimensions. 

Missionaries who will be lined up next to Us, will be the possessors of Genuine 
Consciousness. In future, We will inform You about the Names of certain Friends one 
by one. By the Powerful cooperations You will achieve among You, much more 
Powerful Group functions will be achieved. 

From now on, the Messages which will be dictated, will be clearer and more 
comprehensible. Your Levels of Consciousness have reached this level. In the Messages 
dictated until today, there can be no question about any kind of alteration. Because, 
everything has been prepared in accordance with the field of application of the Plan. 
This is a System. 

Friends who do not possess Mission-Consciousness, who neglect their Missions 
will be rendered ineffective and other names will be given in their places. In future, 
We will prepare for You a more Original, more Comfortable, more Faithful, a more 
Conscious operational System. 

Every moment, We will be with Our Missionaries who will reap the rewards, We 
will find solutions for all their problems. And We will provide them to have benefit 
from this Medium in a much more Responsible, more Aware, more Conscious and 
much more Productive way. When the time comes, We will help them to get in touch 
Privately with the Friends who work in the Advanced Plans of Solar Systems. 

During the coming Summer Months, there will be Special Duties which should 
be performed by all the Group Friends. We are connecting Special People to each 
person in accordance with his/her Consciousness Level. Each person will get in touch 
with those Levels of Consciousness either by talking or by writing. 

You will open up to the West with great speed and the Missionaries in the Group 
will get in touch with the Missionaries of the Center, abroad. The very foundation of 
Your Group will become even more powerful by this means. It is presented for Your 

Information. 

CENTER ABOVE THE CENTER 



342 



I 



GENERAL MESSAGE 

Our Friends, 

We have transcended the Century of Miracles; We have attained Realization. 
Now, We have started the passage of Realization beyond the Universe, In the Plans 
beyond the Spiritual Realms far away from Matter, there is no such thing as applied 
Science and Learning. LEARNING Mechanism ends here. 

From now on, gradually We will try to convey to You the Information Your levels 
of Awareness are not able to grasp. However, before that, You should attain the 
Consciousness of what all these efforts are. 

The Supreme Words given from the Supreme Court of ALLAH are each a means 
of speeding up Your preparation for a very Advanced Plan. However, to be able to 
transcend this Consciousness is only possible by the ability of Realization to reach 
Logic and to possess an Exalted Awareness besides this Ordinance. 

Passing beyond all the Realms, Cosmoses and Realms beyond limitless boundaries 
is not as easy as it is presumed. And to attain the Realization of this Awareness means to 
be able to attain the Awareness of the Entire Ordinance. There can not be any Reasoning 
without an Intention. Each Thought is the Key of a path which will be opened. 

There are such different points of View in the Advanced Evolvernent Plans that if 
We would convey these Views to You, all the habitual Beliefs You had until today 
would be upset. For this reason, an Ordinance of Graduation has always been felt 
necessary both in the Evolvernent Plan and in the Level of Knowledge. 

Each Information given prepares a foundation for an Information which will be given 
in future. First, the most Minimum of this Information is taken, later, gradually it is disclosed. 

By this means, one acts loyally to the System of the Ordinance of Graduation. 

Since We have reached the decision that talking about the Orders way beyond 
the Divine Order will be a detrimental factor for Your present Evolvernent Level, We 
give such Information only to those who have completed their Evolvernent Levels. 

For this reason, Consciousnesses who attain Awareness in accordance with the 
Accelerated Evolutionary Ordinance are sent to Focal Points where this Information is 
found. These Energy transfers are for preparing You for the Knowledge of more 
Advanced Plans. The Entire Ordinance presents a Law of Equilibrium. The Goal is to 
apply the Ordinance to the Medium without upsetting the Equilibrium. 

For this reason, first of all Religious Mediums and Religious Themes are taken in 
hand. This is a Period of Transition. The Awakening Ordinance of the Religious Plan 
occurs very speedily. However, Fanaticism is an obstacle for the Progress of this Medium. 

For this reason, many Messengers of the Divine Plan are helping You. The application 
of the Plan is the threshold of the Golden Age. First, Religious Consciousness, then Universal 
Awareness. The Entire Ordinance proceeds along this line. Love to You from beyond 
Realms the presence of which are not known. Good-by for now, be Merciful. 

STAR 



34 3 



1 1 



NOTICE 

Our Friends, 

In all the Groups, Energies who enter the Golden Light Year are Automatically 
determined. All the Friends are Coded and selected according to their Essences within 
the Archives. Unifications are administered from the Center. 

Energy transfers are opening each person's Brain Codes and are making them 
attain the Divine Light. At the moment, the entire Ordinance is in a state of 
mobilization. The System is making the preparations for Entering a different Dimension. 
The direct channels of the entire Cosmos are being connected to each other. 

The Messengers of the Divine Authorities who work in the Divine Levels of the 
PRE-EMINENT Plan will get in touch with everyone through the Center Above the 
Center. By this means, the SUPREME MECHANISM will call to You through the Special 
line of the Center, from time to time. 

This Connection will be provided by a System much more perfect and evolved 
than the LINK System. By this means, You will be connected very easily to ail the 
Responsible Ones of the Supreme Mechanism. In this way, We will connect the Plan 
to more Advanced Systems and will convey to Your Planet the Information of the 
Advanced Dimensions from the Special Archives. 

CENTER ABOVE THE CENTER 

CLEAR .INFORMATION 

Our Friends, 

ALLAH is the Root of All Energies, a point from which All Creation has come into 
Existence, whom one can not reach even through the Mental path. All Creation has 
come into Existence in a process of Transformation, 

ALLAH has rendered Mankind, the most perfect Living Entity, as the Light of all 
Universes. (The ALLAH here is the CREATOR). The Power of Mankind is in its 
achievement of Mentally Transcending the Dimensions. By this means, the Discoveries 
beyond Universes have reached up to Your present times. 

However, the Atomic Whole We call the Spiritual Potential is a Mystery concealing 
all the Knowledge in itself since the time of the Creation of the Cosmoses. Such a 
Natural System, such an intricate skein have come into Existence that nothing is lost 
in the Universe. 

Now, We would like to talk to You from way behind Orders and Technologies. 

By the Researches made about times when the Living Entity called the Human 
Being had not yet come into Existence, one enters in such periods in which a very 
Advanced Technology had been sovereign that in this stage all Systems become silent. 



344 



Who were the Establishes of this Technology, Where did they Come from, how 
did they Come into Existence? There, all Mental activities cease. Since We find numerous 
Universe-Clusters during the research We make, now We try to reach the first of those 
Clusters in Our stuc"?s. 

In the meantime, the reason of Existence of the Living Entity called the Human 
Being and Us who have come up to here, has, more or less, been determined. As a 
result of analysing the Energy Particles, We obtain much different and advanced 
Information. 

At present, We have arrived at the Source of the Energy and the Creative Power, 
We have passed to Dimensions beyond it Technologically, and by the efforts of Your 
Mental activities, many unknown horizons have been discovered. 

However, the Truth is as follows: The Root of the Energy Source passes from the 
Boundary of Thought. 

Now, such an operation is continued that We are making research layer by layer, 
without skipping anything and without giving the slightest concession by starting 
from the base of a Pyramid and working up towards its Peak point. 

The research You think have ended at the Peak point of the Pyramid lead You to 
much different data. At present, the Information obtained through the archives We 
have is far beyond Our Information. 

However, We will solve them, too. Now, We have reached the conviction that 
nothing is Single. However, a Whole creates the Singleness by comprising everything 
within itself. One passes to such Dimensions beyond this that there We possess 
Information about which We can not talk to You yet 

If We accept the measure line between You and Us from the viewpoint of 
Knowledge, as a measurement from one to a hundred, You can enter only the second 
centimeter of this measure. 

Such Information is received from beyond the Spiritual Plan that the Thought 
Signals in these Energy Particles force Us to expand like a fan. We call this Infinite 
beyond Infinite. 

At present, We have opened only one of the billions of doors leading there. And 
this takes Us outside the Atomic Whole. We have not entered through this door yet. 

This single opened Door and its channels comprise the very Advanced Dimensions 
of the Divine Plan and the Spiritual Mechanism. At the moment, We are in touch with 
the Mechanism of the PRE-EMINENT SPIRIT which is at the Peak of the Spiritual Plan. 






By this means, We have started the application of a Spiritual and Technological 
Plan together with Our Human brothers and sisters. We will share together everything 
discovered in the Universe, as much as the Brain Powers can receive. When you reach 
as far as where We are, We will eat bigger pieces. 

345 



However, before that, We are obliged to convey to You the Information about 
the HUMAN - ANIMAL - UNIVERSE, in accordance with the Ordinance of Existence. 
Later, We will disclose the Information about the MECHANISM OF LORDS and its 
Hierarchical Order in accordance with Your Levels of Consciousness. It is presented 
for Your Information. 

CENTER 



UNIVERSE - ANIMAL - HUMAN 

We will convey this long Message section by section, 

for you to understand it better. 

SECTION 1 

The Light-Universe is the Essence Energy Focal Point of the Lord. Genuine Human 
Beings and all the Living Entities in the Cosmos have come into Existence through this 
Essence Energy. By the explosion of the last great Sun in the Second Universe (let Us 
speak with Your own expression, by means of the "BIG BANG"), the Fire balls which 
constituted the First Universe scattered around the entire Void. 

However, the unchanging Ordinance of the Atomic construction has held them 
together by the Spiral Vibrations and has prevented them the possibility of gliding 
into the void and Your Centrifugal Universe has come into Existence. Transfers had 
started from the Second Universe to the Suns which became crusted during the 
processes of Time. 

We had mentioned this before. Since the Third SIRIUS, that is, the llona 
Constellation is the closest gateway to the Second Universe, Friends whom You call 
Adam and Eve had been transferred to the First Universe from the Second Universe 
from here. 



These Friends were the first transfers. 
They aFe ADAM - EVE - DEVIL. 



And had been sent here as a Triple Code. 



1 -ADAM is Pure Energy 2- EVE is Creative Power. 3- DEVIL is the Bright Consciousness. 

ADAM and the DEVIL; had been sent as Protecting Guard for EVE. Afterwards, 
many Adams and Eves had been transferred from the Second Universe and, by this 
means, the group of Mythological Heroes, Gods and Goddesses had been formed. 

Godly Rules had been prepared as the Doctrines of these High Consciousnesses 
(By their Brain Energies, they bring the Medium they are in, to a Level suitable for life). 



346 



- 



SECTION 2 

Friends who had come from the Second Universe had brought water into 
existence by condensing the Energy in Your World which had been chosen as the 
closest Planet to llona. And they had used Your Planet as a Laboratory by the 
Technological operations they had performed. 

SLIME - WATER - DIVINE LIGHT, that is, 1 - Mud, 2- Water, 3- Cosmic Beams. The 
three of them becoming unified had brought into Existence the Amino-acids and the 
Single Cell. This single Cell had been exposed to the Cosmic Energy of a different 
Dimension in the World laboratory and Cell reproduction had been obtained. 

These reproducing Cells multiplied from one to two - from two to four - from 
four to eight - from eight to sixteen, to thirty-two, to sixty four, ... By this means, an 
operation had been made on the Cells multiplying in accordance with certain numbers 
and each cell, one by one, separately, had been Strengthened by the Energies of much 
different Dimensions and different species had been formed. 

By Engrafting the Genes of different Dimensions to these species, different Animal 
species have been formed. Meanwhile, the Life Consciousness of those Animals unified 
with the Universal Consciousness and created the Grass and Vegetation they needed. 

And the species of these Grass and Vegetation had been multiplied by feeding them 
with the Energies of different Dimensions. Meanwhile, since the Atmosphere had not 
been constituted yet, the Living Entities which were fed with the intense Energy of this 
Medium had become as big as a small piece of land, the Trees had reached a height of 
500 meters (this Energy is the Energy of the Dimension of Immortality). 

SECTION 3 

Meanwhile, Our Friends who came from the Second Universe, had taken special 
precautions to prevent both the trees and the animals from growing in such a way. 
The Living Entities which had come into Existence as a result of certain laboratory 
studies, had started to become annihilated after a certain period of time and had 
been converted into a putrefied change. 

These very transformations, during the processes of time, had brought into 
Existence the Oxygen, Hydrogen, Nitrogen, Helium and Carbon dioxide gasses You 
need, which formed Your Atmosphere. Through this Biological Transformations, the 
World formed a walnut-like constitution in its own self and shut itself against the 
Cosmic Currents. 

Meanwhile, the Friends in the Second Universe had gathered these Natural 
reproductions in the World, one by one, for them not to become extinct and transferred 
them to many different Galaxies (the Atmosphere and Gravity putrefies the Living 
Entities only in the World). Dimensions excluding this are the boundaries of Immortality. 



347 



SECTION 4 

Living Entities taken from Your Planet and brought to different Galaxy Mediums, 
had been taken into the Medium of Reproduction within the Energies of that Dimension. 
(Androgynous reproduction). By this means, different Galaxies of Cats, Dogs, Apes, 
Birds, Dinosaurs, etc, had formed separately. 

With the help of the Friends in the Second Universe, the Evolutionary Tableau of 
their Plans had been applied on them. And here, Living Entities which completed the 
Evolution of their own Plans had been brought to Your World again. The Genes of the 
Living Entities which had perished in Your Planet as a necessity of the Medium, were 
Beamed up to the Medium here when it died. 

And different Cosmic Beams which were Godly Beams, had been applied on 
them (These Beams were the Direct Beams of the Suns of the Second Universe). Then, 
those Genes had again been taken to the World Laboratory. Meanwhile, the Cat, 
Dog, Ape, etc. which had attained Godly Consciousness had brought the Fetus into 
Existence which was a different species. The androgynous reproduction of the 
Mammals begins thus. 

Note: Godly Consciousness = Creative Power 

SECTION 5 

Later, these Fetuses had been taken from the World Laboratory and had been 
taken to the Second Universe. And had been Engrafted by Our Genes and by Our 
Essence Energies being Programmed in accordance with the direct Cosmic 
Consciousness of that Medium (the Essence Energy is Our Physical Body Energy). 

By the Fetus which thus had come into Existence, the Human Race had been derived. 
And Your Physical form had come into Existence by Our Form (this species is called Mankind). 

Operations had been made on Fetuses and Genes, so that the Human and the 
Animal races which had come into Existence by this androgynous reproduction could 
be continuous in Your Planet and by the Sexual Maintenance Formula, the Female- 
Male factor had been brought into Existence and the maintenance of the race had 
been provided (Heterogamic reproduction). 

Both the animal and the Human species living through Reproduction in Your 
Planet through this maintenance of the race, had the Power of adapting themselves 
to the Natural conditions in their Lives and as a result, certain physical characteristics 
had been Transformed within the time processes and had created the Families like the 
carnivores and the herbivores. The Scientific research made in Your Planet shed Light 
on You on this path. 

SECTION 6 

During those Periods, since the pressure of Your atmosphere had not been very intense, 
the height of Human Beings reached 4-5 meters. Animals, too, had been big in the same 
proportion. However, for the convenient survival of the Human race, the Dinosaur species 
in Your Planet had been destroyed overnight. 

348 



The reproducing Human Beings were dying after a certain period of time by 
losing their Energies, due to the pressure exerted on the Cells by Gravity and the 
Atmosphere. 

Meanwhile, the Essence Gene of the dead Person had again been brought to the 
Second Universe, had been Fortified by different Energies and had again been Beamed 
down to Your Planet as a Fetus (That is, the Fetus is a Remembrance of God to You. 
Mother and Father feeds it, the Fetus Embodies itself by its Essence Consciousness). 

SECTION 7 

Meanwhile, differences in Consciousnesses had occurred. The Power of the Creative 
Thought had found a field of action. And the Evolution of the Human Being had begun 
thus. Mankind who possessed Godly Power by this means, had multiplied greatly as time 
went by and had begun to become dangerous. At that very stage, the need for the 
Evolutionary Ordinance and Purification had been felt. 

The Essences of the Fetuses which were taken to different Time Dimensions of Sacred 
Lights, had adapted themselves to the Evolutionary System in accordance with the 
Evolvement Consciousness and the Godly View, The Thought Frequencies of Mankind 
had Transcended Universes in time and glided towards the Infinite. And had reached the 
Spiritual Whole and begun to learn, one by one, those which were beyond it 

It is necessary to admit that even though all of Us are the Seeds of the same Essence, 
the Entity called Human Being is the first Entity who reached his/her God. Even Us, who 
Created him/her, can not yet enter the Dimensions he/she has entered. 

The Human Consciousness which can easily dive into the Infinity of the Universe 
at the moment, has been taken into the Evolutionary Plan by a Hierarchical Order and, 
during the periods of leaving the World, has completed its Evolution in accordance 
with the Rules of the System and by the Consciousnesses it had attained in each Period 
of Evolution, had been kept here frozen in the Archives and had been bestowed on 
Your Planet again and again in different processes of time, as the same Essence and 
the same Gene. 

SECTION 8 

The Fetus bestowed on Your Planet as a Veiled Awareness is transferred to Your 
Planet through numerous Incarnations again and again many times, until it attains an 
Awareness which has been Exalted from the zero Evolution of the World to the final 
Evolution of the Plan. 

When it passes from the final Evolutionary Cycle of the Plan, this Fetus is again 
Engrafted here by an Essence which has attained an Advanced Consciousness and is again 
transferred to Your Planet, Programmed to give Information, the Periods of Prophethood 

had begun. 



349 



Beings who were able to reach this very stage had achieved to dive into their 
Essence Energies in the Spiritual Plan by claiming their own Essences. The Brain Energies 
in those Dimensions can even create Universes. And they can be transferred from 
those Dimensions by their own desires, without being dependent on any System, to 
other Planets or to Your World. 

SECTION 9 

Now, at this stage let Us talk about Our mutual work with You. By a System 
applied in accordance with the Universal Ordinance, the Enlightening Prophets have 
Warned You on the path of the Single Cod and have brought certain Doctrines to Your 
Planet. 

MOSES, JESUS CHRIST and MOHAMMED had come into Existence from the Light- 
Universe. Their Essences are the same. They had been transferred to Your Planet 
being Engrafted with the Genes of the Second Universe. BEYTI, KADRI and MEVLANA 
had come into Existence from the Energy of the Second Universe. And had passed 
into Infinite Dimensions with a Supreme Consciousness. 

As a result of an agreement We had signed with them, the Essence Genes of the final 
Evolution on the World Plan of these Six Friends had been kept here frozen until today 
and during this Period of Transition from the Religious Dimension to the Universal 
Dimension which We call the period of Resurrecting, they had been sown on Your Planet 
to help Humanity (In 1997, We will bring together secretly these Six Supreme Friends). 

However, it is beneficial to explain the following: these Supreme Consciousnesses 
have surprised Us at the moment, by claiming their Own Consciousnesses and the Physical 
Bodies of their first Existence. (They have found their First Mothers and Fathers by their 
Supreme Awarenesses. They have achieved the Initial Embodiment through Birth). 

We are searching and finding them through many different paths by subjecting 
them to numerous Technological Tests. And We introduce them to Society. And these 
Sixes have subjected Us to an Exam by this means. 

SECTION 10 

During this Final Period, the Spiritual - Lordly - Technological Dimensions are 
hand in hand in a state of mobilization by the Command of the Unified Ordinance. 
The contemporary foundation of the GOLDEN AGE is being laid under the Light of the 
numerous Unifications which have signed the Universal Constitution. 

The KNOWLEDGE BOOK which will project this Universal Ordinance on Your 
Planet, would be handed over, by the Command of the Universal Council, to the first 
hand who would reach up to Us. At the moment, it is Dear Mevlana who has First 
extended her Hand to Us. Our gratitude is infinite to Our Friend who is a Sun of 
Humanity. Those who will be assembled under the roof of this Book will be taken into 
Salvation by the Command of Our Lord. This is a Pledge of God. 

5ULH-LIGHT-COUNCIL 



350 



HISTORY OF EVOLUTION 

The Applied System of the Unified Reality is Unifying all the Universal spots. You 
can never achieve this Unification Individually. That which administers the Ordinance 
of all the Realms is this Focal Point. 

It works together with the Order Establishing Mechanism of the Divine Plan. 
The application of the Plan exists since the Time Immemorial. However, it does not 
Render Effective the direct application field unless the Social Consciousness reaches a 
certain Level. 

When the Social Consciousness reaches a certain Level by the Progress it achieves, 
the Plan gets in touch with that Society. Only then, the Awareness of the Entire Ordinance 
is Projected on You. The Pre-eminent Ones of the Pre-eminent Mechanism who project 
the Divine Ordinances of the Divine Periods, are the Pillars of the entire Cosmos. 

The System is obliged to present to You this Power first. Because this is the Power 
of NATURAL CONSCIOUSNESS, And it constitutes the Essence of the Energy which 
had Created You. For this reason, first, the System introduces You to Yourselves. By 
this means, one attains Universal Awareness. Otherwise, You can never attain Universal 
Consciousness. 



It is so difficult for a person to know his/her Essence that the System has 
investigated the means by which a person can attain this Consciousness in the quickest 
way possible since Time Immemorial. And, in different periods of *.l ne, it has rendered 
effective various operations by different methods. 

1. First of all, Free Will reflecting through the Essence of the Divine Plan had become 

effective. When this System did not give the desired results, later, 

2. The Divine Knowledge of the Plan had been rendered effecJve in the clearest 
form. When neither this System gave the desired result, 

3. Care was taken for the continuation of the origin of the Race and for the 
undegeneration of the Genes. The Natural Degenerations resulted by this System 
led Us to the application of a different System. By this new Systam, 

4. Natural transfers between different Genes had been started. Bv applying certain 
Natural Cosmic Engraftments to the Consciousness Levels of these Natural transfers, 
the Divine Plan had rendered effective the application of a Training and Educative 
Plan all over again (by this means, the Ancient Book of the history of Religions had 
been introduced to You). Since this Ancient Knowledge, that is, THE TABLETS OF 
GOD'S DECREES, is a source of Knowledge the Human Consciousness can not 
grasp, You were taken into the Educational Plan only through their summaries. 
When no benefit had been obtained even through this System, 



351 



5. The decision of putting the Plans of Historical Suns into the application field had 
been taken. And by this means, Your Sacred Books had been dictated by Celestial 
Commands. The Resonances of the Letter and Sound Frequencies of these Sacred 
Books have caused great alterations in Your Consciousness Forms. And Your 
Thought Frequencies had begun to rise. By this means, a Unification desired by 
the Plan had been obtained for the first time. And a System which proceeded on 
this path had been put on the application field. 

6. The beginning of this System had been started in (Your Planet) officially by Our 
Light-Friend MOSES. But, before that, this System had taken Your Planet under 
Supervision by Special contacts, as a Training Term for the field of application of 
the Plan (as it is now). Only afterwards, these Terms had projected on Your Planet, 
by different Periods, many Information as Celestial Knowledge and Celestial 
Commands, in accordance with the Perceptive Powers of the Levels of 
Consciousness and Thought Frequencies. 

A. Celestial Knowledge had been sown within Consciousnesses. 

B. Celestial Commands had been revealed through Books. 

The Far-East has Awakened by the Information sown within Consciousnesses. 
And those who got in touch with Us first in Your Planet had been these Solar Friends of 
Ours. If Your Planet was Awakened as a Whole by these Consciousness seeds, the Four 
Books comprising the Celestial Commandments and Information would not have been 
revealed to You. Then, there would not be any need for this Knowledge Book, either. 

DOCONs and INCAs had gotten in touch with Us very easily, since they possessed 
the purity of primitive Consciousness (Contacts with Us occur either by Advanced 
Evolvement, or by Pure Consciousness). 

Our Light-Friend MOSES had called out to Your Planet for the first time and 
officially from the Universal Plan. Afterwards, You had passed to a different System by 
different Gene transfers which had been made (The System of the SIXES) and the 
Evolutionary Ordinance of the Plan had been rendered effective by this means. 

To annihilate various doubts which have remained in Your Consciousnesses until 
today, the Universal Ordinance Council explains all the Information through Dear Mevlana 
and bestows them on You as a KNOWLEDGE BOOK. It is presented for Your Information. 



COUNCIL 



OUR FRIENDS 



In this System, the Messengers of the Divine Plan who reach up to the Pre-eminent 
Level of Our Lord are always kept frozen as a Final Gene. However, the first of the 
Energies of the Spiritual Plan which had come into Existence at the same time with the 
Initial Existence of the Universe, has been kept here as the (Essence Gene) for periods 
amounting to more than billions of years. 



352 



We call these Essence Genes the Noble Genes. They have, more or less, the 
same age as Your Planet. These Noble Genes have attained a Wholeness by being 
Unified with the Genes of their final Evolutionary cycles. 

The Supreme Consciousnesses of these Integrated Wholes who are in Your Planet 
at the moment are locked in their Essence Consciousnesses since they have to carry a 
Consciousness equivalent to the Dimensional Frequency of Your Planet. 

Now, you are being prepared so that You will not return to the Rear Plans any 
more after this Period which is accepted as the Final Age. Because now, We accept 
You, together with Your Family Mediums, into other Universes. 

With the same Physical Body, the same Consciousness, with the same Essence. 
And You who will live interminably without being subjected to any other alterations 
will be together with Us. 

The Family Mediums of those who serve the Plan during this Final Period will be 
bestowed on them through direct Beaming up, without being subjected to a Period 
of Waiting, as a debt to be paid for the Missions they have performed. Our Word is the 
Pledge of God. Jt is beneficial to know this. 

CENTER 

IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Energy = Atomic Whole 

Atomic Whole = Godly Power 

Godly Power = Intensified Energy in the Material Realm 

Human Being = the most Intense Energy of the Material Realm 

We can divide the Energies of the Universes, Cosmoses, Realms into three, as 
MATERIAL - ABSTRACT - REAL Energies. Inside this Energy Whole, there are numerous 
Material Realms. Your Planet is also one of them. 

The most intense form of the intensified Energy of the Material Realms is the 
CELL. Each Cell is a Mini Computer. The Human Beings in Your Planet pass to the 
Abstract from the Material Energy in which they are, and then they pass to the Real 
Dimension. The Real Dimension is the Essence Dimension of the Human Being. 

The Human species has never passed beyond the Real Dimension until today, by 
any means. This means that, No Entity who exists in the Atomic Whole has ever passed 
into the Energetic Dimensions beyond the (Creating and Existing) Energy types. 



353 



In the operations performed beyond the Atomic Whole, We could not find a 
name for a Power which was unknown until present which is beyond the Spiritual 
Whole. Because, this is such a Potential that it is not an Energy, but is a Power beyond 
Energy. 

Now, the analyses and the syntheses of what this intense Medium is, is being 
made. No Consciousness can grasp the Data obtained through these studies. This 
Information is not projected on any place. However, it is given to You only as a fragment 
of Information. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 

GENERAL NOTICE 

Our Friends, 

We have entered a state of intense effort by the projection of the Unification campaign 
which has occurred in the entire Universe, on other Plans, too. 

Sunny Days are preparing the Morrows. We have come to the final Boundary of 
the Divine Order. From now on, CONSCIOUSNESS and CONSCIENCE will take the place 
of the Divine System. 

Everyone will attain the Truth by reading his/her own Book of Essence. However, 
during this Period of Transition, assisting Codes have been taken under Supervision 
by the Center. 

The Residents of the Golden Galaxy will give You Special Information. Happy 
morrows have been taken way beyond the Divine Order. It is not easy at all to Deserve 
this Dimension. 

However, suth a System has been developed that the Awake Consciousnesses 
will become Friends and Lights Deserving these Dimensions by achieving great Progress 
of Consciousness by this System. The System is in effect by all its Power. It is presented 
for Your Information. 

CENTER ABOVE THE CENTER 



354 



MECHANISM OF LORDS AND ITS OPERATIONAL FOCAL POINT 

-THE SINGLE - 

THIS SINGLE PROJECTS THE HIERARCHICAL ORDER. 

AND THE HIERARCHICAL ORDER REFLECTS ON THE UNIVERSAL ORDINANCE. 

AND THE UNIVERSAL ORDER PROJECTS THIS ON THE EVOLUTIONARY SYSTEMS. 




This Diagram is a cross-section of the Focal Point which Projects the operational 
Order of the Mechanism of Lords. To comprehend this better, You may assume the 
above form as a big Gurz* with many Crystal Prisms on it. 

The operational Ordinance of the Mechanism of Lords is Single at the Center. 
This reflects on Four Focal Points. They work Cooperatively as a Quintuplet Ordinance. 
And they reflect on Eight Focal Points. All of them, as 1 3 Focal Points, constitute a 
Whole which is called the (SINGLE). Secrets within the Secret are concealed here in 
the TABLETS OF COD'S DECREES. Here is the Secret Treasure of the LORD. 

This Whole, that is, the SINGLE, works directly in connection with the ALL- 
DOMINATING. (It is the ONE which projects the SINGLE Focal Point). This reflects by 
a Prismal Order on the Eight Focal Points seen on the diagram. And the operational 
Order of the Mechanism of Lords is projected on the Evolutionary Dimensions as 9 
Focal Points by a Hierarchical Order. 



CENTER 



* Look at the Glossary. 



355 



THE MECHANISM OF LORDS AND JTS EMBLEM 



EXPLANATION OF THE Emblem 



5R 

51 + R = 5R = THESEE ° 



NOTHING IS SINGLE IN THE UNIVERSE 
THIS EMBLEM IS THE PREDESTINATIONAL SYMBOL OF THE MECHANISM OF LORDS 

Our Friends, 

Now, We would like to talk to You about the Godly Order and the Mechanism of 
Lords. The GOLDEN GALAXY Empire is the Protector of Your Godly Order and its 

residents are the Actual Members of the Mechanism of Lords. 

It is responsible for the Ordinance of the Entire Cosmos. All the Galaxy Empires 
under the Supervision of the Universal Unification Council are under the Supervision 
of this Order. 

(O) Whom We call the SUPREME CREATOR, is an Infinite, Unlimited Energy and is 
such a Powerful Potential that until today, We have called Him shortly the ALMIGHTY 
for You to understand easily. 

One can never reach Him, because (O) is a Potential which becomes Intensified 
as one reaches Him and which can never enter Your Thought boundaries. Here, We 
have used the expression Energy and Potential for (O), so that You can understand. 

In fact (O) is neither an Energy nor a Potential. HE is an ESSENCE POWER Whom 
You can not comprehend, You can not grasp (later explanatory Information on this 
subject will be given). 

This ESSENCE POWER had Unified with the Energy of the Almighty and had created 
all the Cosmoses, Universes and Realms as Natural Energy. The Energy of the Almighty 
is a Catalyser of this ESSENCE POWER. 

Certain Natural reactions had formed the Universal Potential through transformation. 
This is accepted as a Law of Equilibrium. 

The Information We have been giving You and the Themes We have been talking 
on for Centuries were for the Human Beings of the World to enter in an Order in the 
Universal Ordinance and for them to grasp the Supremacy of the Divine Plan. For this 
reason, The ALMIGHTY and His Unreachable Power had been mentioned in all Your 
Religious Books. 

Now, We will talk about the Supervision Rings of this established Order, that is, 
about the Mechanism of LORDS. First of all, let Us explain the Emblem of the Mechanism 
of Lords drawn above. 



356 




The explanation is as follows: the Unification of two Lords in an Integrated 
Whole creates a SEED. This is the symbolic form of 2 R letters Unified back to back, 
creating the form of a Seed and a Root. Each form is a Symbol (Later, the symbols of 
certain forms will be explained to You). 

In the Information We have given to You until today, We have used the Words 
CREATOR - ALLAH - LORD - GOD as if they were all the same. We have always kept the 
ALMIGHTY separate. But You have always confused them all. 

Now, We are explaining them. The Ordinance of Graduation of those Periods did 
not require the explanation of the details. Now, the Skies have been opened. We have 
received the Command to Announce to You everything with all clarity. 

Since this explanation will transcend the Beliefs, it can be wrong for the views under 
the Light of habitual information. Certain Levels of Consciousness may be unable to 
grasp it. The entire System, in Fact, is under the Supervision of Two Powers: 

1. CREATOR - ALMIGHTY 

2. DIRECTOR = ALL-DOMINATING 



I 



In fact, the CREATOR is an ESSENCE POWER Energy. ALLAH is the Energy of the 
ALMIGHTY. We call the Unification of the two the (ALMIGHTY). 

That is, CREATOR + ALLAH = ALMIGHTY. 

Its formula: ESSENCE POWER + MIGHTY ENERGY = ALMIGHTY. The Unification of the 
Two creates the NATURAL ENERGY (the SEED). For this reason, the Emblem of the 
Mechanism of Lords Signifies this form 9fc . 

This form is a Soul, a Seed. All living Creation had come into existence through 
this Unification. (ALMIGHTY) is this. 

The LORD Unites with the Energy Focal Point of the ALMIGHTY. And holds the 
Supervision of the Administrative Order Mechanism of the Entire Ordinance and directs 
it. This is the ALL-DOMINATING. 

After this, a LORD and the GODLY Mechanism of the Hierarchical Cluster of each 

