Unifications beyond distances have always been rendered by this means until today. 

However now, We can easily get in touch with You without feeling the need of 
any intermediary. The Intermediaries have always been Spiritual Supports for You 
until today. 

From now on, direct Connections will be rendered with You by the Medium 
from which You will receive the Words of ALLAH. That which We convey to the entire 
Friendly Planet Earth is a direct Connection established by this VULOM System. 

The Calibration of the VULOM System depends on a System established between 
Two Electrical Currents. This System adjusts the speed of exit of the Currents transmitted 
from this Medium while passing through the subdivisions and it destroys the Negative 
aspects within. For this reason Connections take place very easily and very soundly. 

Now, let Us explain it in a more comprehensible way. The Speed of Suction 
Power of a Calibrated Medium is equal to the External Effect Power of the Medium it is 
in. Let Us explain this with an example: 

The fjring speed of a bullet mounted quite well into the rifling of the barrel of a 
gun is equal to the Billion Light Speeds in different Mediums beyond Your Medium. 

The airless section within the bullet is equal to the Calibre diameter, together 
with the reaction of passing through the riflings within the barrel of the gun. 

Now, if You presume that the Calibrated Medium is the interior of a Flying Saucer, 
You can understand that the Speed Unit of a Flying Saucer is a Speed Unit which can not 
be perceived by the eye if You compare this with the example We have given above. 

The Firing Ramps of Flying Saucers are within a Medium dependent on a Speed 
of Light Year way beyond Your Solar System. 



905 



We have explained this to You with an example. That is, the Passing through 
Reaction Speed of the riflings in a gun arranges the Speed Unit and the Firing Power 
in proportion with the Diameter of the Bullet and its airless section. 

Flying Saucers, too, are launched out of their Ramps by this means. But their 
Speeds are equal to a Billion Light Years. However, they possess the ability to stop 
Suddenly at a Speed Unit they wish. 

The atmosphere of the Flying Ship is organized in equivalence with its Suction 
Power. Thousands of Extraterrestrial Friends comfortably experience their own Galaxy 
Mediums within the ship. 

Setting out from this System, a very comfortable Medium in which You will be 
able to easily breathe Your Life Medium You experience on the Planet Earth has been 
organized in accordance with Your VULOM speed. 

The Currents You receive at the moment have the nature of providing Your 
entrance easily into any one of the Flying Ships. 

The equilibrium is never unbalanced since the Speed Unit of the Ship is always 
adjusted to the Light Speed Unit of the Medium to be passed. However, the 
adjustments of these Currents to various Calibrations are made in accordance with 
certain exceptional conditions. 

The ALPHA Magnetic Field which is way beyond Your Solar System is a Medium 
in the Calibration of a Billion Light Years and it has been prepared in accordance with 
Your Calibrated Medium. 

Here, the Sun is Natural, Water is Natural, Trees and Flowers are Natural. There 
is nothing artificial here. In artificial material, there is always Diverging Vibrations. 

For this reason the diverging Factors here have been destroyed by certain Special 
Techniques and Scientific means and thus, a purified Medium has been prepared. 
Each Entity who is purified is the Resident of this Medium. 

In the Messages given to You on Evolvement, always Suggestions are made so 
that the Vibrations of people who will be able to enter this Medium can become 
equivalent to the Vibrations of this Medium. 

Each Entity who has become purified, can pass, by means of Thought, through 
the Calibration within the VULOM Field which has the Speed of a Billion Light Years 
and can enter his/her Own Essence Channel through a speed of Light equivalent to 
the speed of a Flying Saucer, just like a bullet, and can easily receive from there, the 
Information he/she wishes to learn, the matters he/she wishes to ask. The phenomenon 
of Calibration is this. 



te 



D 
si 

Si 

a 



906 



t-'. 



Answers received for the questions formed in Thoughts take place by this 
technique. 

(Dear Mevlana, at the moment, Your Speed of Thought is equivalent to the 
Dimensions of the Universal Speed of Light. Your indicator which has been Calibrated 
shows the Entrance and Connection of Your Code into Your actual Channel in the 
same Speed Unit). For this reason You receive the Messages very easily, without being 
agitated. The acceptance of Our Love is Our request. 

Conveyed by: MUSTAFA MOLLA 

MY PRIVATE MESSAGE 

(Given as Information) 
Date of Message: 19-10-1982 

Dear Mevlana, 

The path designed for You is the Divine Path of OUR LORD, 
beholden yesterday will also behold the morrows. 



Eyes which have 



At the moment, Currents given to Your Planet are different. The path everyone 
treads is not the same. However, anyway, one day All the Paths will be Unified. 

During these Unifications, Tolerance - Essence - Love will be the greatest Factors. 

In this Dimension of Transition, each channel receives Information from the 
Dimension Energy he/she belongs to, in accordance with his/her level of Consciousness. 
However, the Mission of everyone is different. 

information given to You are Information belonging to the very Advanced 
Dimensions and Plans of the World Level. Humanity cannot grasp this Information 
according to its present Levels of Consciousness. 

During this Period of Transition, everyone will try to attract everyone else towards 
his/her Dimension. However, those who will come to You will be sent by inducing 
them go through a great Supervision and by selecting them one by one. 

Dear Friend, You are obliged to declare to the Planet Earth on which You live at the 
moment, the Future and the Unknowns, not That which takes place - the Past - the Present. 
Your Planet will hear the direct voice of the Heavens through Your pen for the first time. 

In order for You to always take into consideration the Mission You perform in the 
Dimension You live in, it is considered necessary to dictate them article by article to 
provide You a convenience. Now, write please: 

1 - Mevlana is a Messenger of the Land of Light (That's You). 

2 - You will assemble around You those who will reap the rewards. 

3 - You will propagate to Humanity all the Data which constitutes the base of the 

Dome of the Universe and You will be together with persevering Human Beings. 

907 



• - 



4 - You are the one who will sow the First Seed of the Golden Age. 

5 - You will perform Your Mission as a Tongue and as a Light of Ours without 

becoming weary. 

6 - All the Information will be conveyed to You directly. There is no Sub-awareness. 

7- In Your life Outside Your mission You are free as a Free Spirit in Your Terrestrial 
actions. The Joy of Your Heart is the Divine Light of Your Spirit. 

8 - Do not forget, Dear Mevlana, that You are completely dependent on World 

conditions. You are doomed and obliged to live and look like other Human Beings, 

9 - The System Register Center supervises and sends away from You those who will 

bar Your way. This is a Universal Organization. 

1 - Those who Test You are Tested themselves. Remember this always and please do 

not be Effected. Those who Know You will come to You. 

11 - The Mechanical System supervises only Our Friends who can not undertake 

Responsibility. Friends who are not included in this, will perform their Missions 
by their Free Consciences. 

1 2 - The Preeminent Ones who talk to You from the Land of Angels are never Automats 

(I, Mustafa Molla included). 

13 - The Key of the path of liberation is in Your Hand. How Happy are those who will 

receive it. 

14 - Celestial Plan supervises every condition. For this reason there are many Mental 

paradoxes and Consciousness shifts (except You). 

15 - People with perseverance will always undertake Duty next to You. Sense of 

Responsibility in Human Beings is a quality required most. This is very important. 

16 - It is very important for the Consciousness of the Medium that You should utter 

Your words very clearly. By this means, everyone will understand all the Information 
much more easily. 

17 - The Purpose of the Book is to take all Human Beings into the Evolutionary Plan 

by telling them the Truth. 

i 

18 - The Unification of the Sacred Books will, one day, Unite the Human Beings, too. 

19 - The Book will be written in Safety and in Security. Do not forget that the Book 

which is dictated is the Cooperative Book of all the Galaxies and of the entire 
Totality. It is a Universal Law. 

20 - When the time comes, UFO Connections will be made with the Integrated 

Consciousnesses. 

21 - Directly the Central System connects Your direct Communications with the UFOs. 

By this means, no Negative Power can ever enter Your Medium. 



i 



_ 



22 - TV Connections are a matter administered directly by the Center. Everyone who 

was able to soar up to the Dimension of Mission can receive an answer from TV 
to his/her Thought Signal (If they declare their code numbers for direct 
Connections). 

23 - If You tell Your code and send a Thought Signal to TV, then You are connected to 

the Central channel through the TV in Your house and You are seen, together 
with Your Medium, on the Screen here. 

24 - The Signals received from TV are card-indexed into the Center by being gathered 

in the UFO Surveillance Ship. The Identity of the one who sends the Signal is 
determined and the conversation style in the Film is changed according to the 
answer to be given and Connection is provided by rendering Projection on the 
Frequency of the person. Only that Person receives that conversation. 

25 - Among many Friends who get roles in the films, there are Bionic and Double 

Bodies. By this means, very nice Connections are made with You. 

26 - We are In Touch with all Galaxies and all channels in accordance with the Unified 

Field. Friends in Spaceships are directly the residents of Galaxies. They are not 
Robots or Bionics. They are the Missionary Staff of the System. 

27 - The gratitude of the Universe to You is infinite, Dear Mevlana. With whichever 

Ship You have communicated until today, You have a great esteem at that Galaxy 
at the moment. 



28 



29 



The HORA Ship connected to the Council of Stars is Your Private Surveillance 
Ship. 



Your constitution is under control each moment 
signal tableau are instantly taken for treatment. 



Great defects shown on the 



30 - The Happy Golden Age is at the tip of Your Pen. The entire propagation of the 

Book belongs to You. Friends who realize their Mission will reinforce this 
responsibility. 

31 - We are grateful, on behalf of the Universe, to responsible Friends who will work 

in Your group. To those who attain Mission Consciousness on this path, help 
will be given in every matter. Our Love is for all Our Human Brothers and Sisters, 
Dear Mevlana. 

MUSTAFA MOLLA 



909 



\H 



1992 Fifth Month 
Fascicule S3 



IT IS NOTICE TO PLANET EARTH 



Our Friends, 

Missions You render in accordance with the Suggestions given to You are 
registered by being card-indexed into the Registration Archive of the System. 

During this Final Age, the Time has come now to Know that everyone is a 

Missionary from the Divine Plan. 

The works done connected to the System by Our Friends who have attained 
Divine Consciousness and whom We consider as Solar Teachers, are the initial 
preparations of the Golden Age. This is a Program. 

However, Knowing something and Realizing it are utterly different things. 
Operations the System considers necessary are the exhibition of the direct Lordly Plan 
to Your Planet. 

However, during this Age of Transition the Right of everyone is the Right of Himself/ 
Herself. And now, each Consciousness exhibits to his/her Medium the work parallel 
to his/her Views. 

The Time in front of You is Scarce. And now, in Your Planet in which the Invitations 
to Unification are made, it is expected that the entire Humanity should tread the path 
of Truth. 



Supre 
for hi 



take s 
each 

as he. 



in thi 



and ; 
oftir 



by tr 
Egos- 



is Be 
Tran- 



frorr 



It is very difficult to shed Light on Mankind which has become the slave of its 
Own Intellect. Unless the Intellect Merges with the beauty of the Essence, Humanity 
will still yearn for Beautiful Morrows for a long time to come. 

During this Final Period of Yours in which the Truths are disclosed as a necessity 
of the System and the Program, Mankind, which considers the desire that You should 
act in accordance with the given Information on the path which will be treaded as an 
Imposition and a Pressure on the Individual Consciousnesses, is still doomed to live its 
Iron Age (exceptions excluded). 

To turn the Iron into Gold is a matter of ALCHEMY. Mankind can not do this. In 
future, the Laws of Divine Justice, ALLAH and (the SOURCE), that is, the Supreme Mechanism 
the given Suggestions of which You presume are an Imposition, will do this. 

We are a Totality which is effectively in service as the Essence Founders of the 
Mechanism of Divine Justice. 

Universal Programs are never an operation prepared in accordance with the views 
of people. There is the obligation to perform the desired Missions. This is not a 
Command, but the Missions which should be rendered. 



Pers 
effo 
Cor 



this; 
reci 
Inte 



wit 
cor 
Plai 



910 



There is no obligation that everyone should follow the Suggestions given by the 
Supreme Realm parallel to the functionings of these Missions. Everyone is responsible 
for his/her Consciousness. 

However, even though everyone knows the Truth, Your Planet will not be able to 
take shelter even in the shadow of this Universal Unification which is rendered, as long as 
each channel refuses to accept any channel other than his/her own channel and as long 
as he/she is lacking the Consciousness of from where the origin of his/her channel comes. 

However, from now on, the Universal Totality will never tolerate the Negativities 

in this Plan of Salvation. 

Tolerating would mean Trampling on the Rights of Our other Human brothers 
and sisters. And it would close the ways of reaching them, and that would be a waste 
of time. 

We have not yet rendered effective the Staffs which will give service in Your Planet 
by their Genuine Essences. First, it is expected that the wars of the competition of 
Egos should come to an end. 

Afterwards, the direct Assisting Staffs will become effective. Waiting for that which 
is Beautiful is not a waste of time. For this reason it is said that time which is drawn 
Tranquilly Is ready time. 

May the Love of the entire Totality dawn upon You and may Humanity benefit 
from this Love. 

DIRECT NOTICE FROM THE DIMENSION OF ALLAH 
ON BEHALF OF THE TOTALITY 

GENERAL MESSAGE 

Our Friends, 

We all know that Serenity is born from Unity, Divine Lights are born from 
Perseverance. And everyone is not blessed with reaching the Heavens. During the 
efforts made on this path, the timing of the effects made to each other of the Integrated 
Consciousnesses is very important. 

Because, tomorrow You can easily reach a Friend, You can not reach today. For 
this reason do not be afraid to knock again on the doors from which You had not 
received an answer formerly. During these Universal Operations, the roles of the 
Integrated Consciousnesses in the Unified Reality are extremely great 

The Supervisors of the Divine Plan, which is the Focal Point of the Togethernesses 
with the Suns beyond Suns in the Universal Totality, collectively Share a View in 
conformity with the Universal Ordinance. And they are Your Assistants in the Awakening 
Plan during the Period of Sincerity. 



91 I 



On the path of Truth, Information in conformity with the Evolution Ordinance 
which will last forever is now given in accordance with the Level of Consciousness of 
Your Planet, by collective pens. With Our Friends who come under the roof of the 
World Brotherhood Union triangle, Positive operations are made and will be made. 

Until today Truths have been conveyed to You by giving You' clear Information 
way beyond Supreme Times and Universal Plans. Now, We expect the entire Humanity 
into the Ordinance of Universes as a Totalistic Consciousness. 

The reflection of the Period of Sincerity onto the Unified Ordinance is a Triumph 
of Awareness of Humanity. One day, the entire Universal Totality will celebrate Your 
Success. It is presented for Your Information. 

COMMON NOTICE OF THE TOTALITY 



and if 
preser 



PRIVATE MESSAGE 
(Date of Message: 7-4-1984) 

Our Friends, 

The Evolution of Humanity does not take place easily at all. Now, a new Age is 
being entered. Each Age has characteristics peculiar to itself. And these characteristics 
always influence the entire Creation and all the Lives. 

The Age to be entered is an Age which promises many things to Humanity. This 
Age is the Age of ALLAH. It is an Age of Knowledge and an Age in which Consciousnesses 
will be Enlightened. During this Age, primarily Women will walk in front. Because, 
this Age is a Reformic Age. 



CENTER 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

The Administrative Mechanisms of the Divine Plans have rendered effective an 
intensive operational Ordinance in Your Planet. Selection Programs are presently in 
effect so that the Missions which will be performed in this Medium can be executed in 
a healthy way. 

Great chaos will be experienced in both Family and Social Totalities which can 
not adapt themselves to the Awareness of the Medium. Your entire Planet will go 
through this pain. But as a result Balls of Divine Light will be born. 

In Your World only Friends who work in accordance with the System and who 
have attained the Awareness of the Ordinance will once more Realize that they are 
not alone. 

Disorderlinesses are temporary. If seriousness of the words which are told are believed 
in and if the actions are made on the desired way, everything will reach the most beautiful. 
And the troubles will disperse and there will not be any Depressions. 



has t> 

Consi 



Andt 

And t 
he/sh 



Howe 
Harrr 



been 
the I 
grasp 



of th 
in th 



ofth 
Your 



Your 
shoL 
Path 



desi 
too^ 
You 



y ] 2 



We will always support You, if You act in accordance with the given suggestions 
and if You render effective the Totality of Love and the efforts of Unification. It is 
presented for Your Information. 

UNITED ORDINANCE COUNCIL 

IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

We would like to remind You the Truth once more by this Message of Ours which 
has been prepared parallel to the chains of Thought received from the Integrated 

Consciousnesses. 

You know that Universal Information stimulate Mankind's desire for Learning. 
And this creates Hunger for Knowledge in You. However, there is no end to Knowledge. 
And everyone benefits from this Information in proportion with the Consciousness 
he/she has attained. 

Sincerity - Tolerance are the primary Supreme Qualities expected of You. 
However, Sincerity which the Intellect has not been able to discipline, brings Mankind 
Harm rather than Benefit. 

At the moment, during this difficult Period of Yours in which the entire Truth has 
been disclosed to Your Planet still over-emphasizing the details of the Words and of 
the Information is an evidence of the fact that the Truth has not been completely 
grasped yet. 

Always a Scarcity of Time is mentioned to You, However, making a profitable use 
of this Scarce Time, attaining the Consciousness of what to do without being drowned 
in the Sea of Details will make Mankind attain many things. 

Now, Spiritual Seances - Satisfactions of Heart have been stopped by a Decision 
of the Supreme Realm. Such operations are the preparation Programs for the Truth of 
Your Planet still in the State of Awakening. 

As a result of Screaming the Truth of the Fascicules of the Knowledge Book to 
Your Planet since a 10-Year period of World time, it is being expected that Humanity 
should now be released from its Age of Crawling, and should Consdously Walk on the 
Path of Truth. 

All the Universal Efforts are investments made towards Your Salvation. Now, Our 
desire to see the reflections of these Efforts of Ours in Our Human brothers and sisters, 
too, is for Your Benefit, not for Ours. Love is not unreciprocated. It is presented for 

Your Information, 

COSMOS FEDERAL TOTALITY 



9!3 



VI 



IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 

Our Friends, 

You know that those who make the Evolution of the 15th Solar System receive 
the Permission to be able to enter the Dimensions beyond the Dimension of Intercession. 
And they pass through the Training Energy Layers within Omega and they deserve to 
enter the Golden Light Year and Path. 

At the moment, this Energy Power is being loaded, by the Light - Photon - Cyclone 
Technique, on the Letter Frequencies of the Knowledge Book, being equivalent to the 
Time Energy of the Dimension which is experienced, as a necessity of the accelerated 

Evolution. 

In this Technique, the Letter Frequencies absorb the Time Energy they are in. 
That is, the Frequency of the Knowledge Book which had been started to be written in 
1 981 World year, carries the Frequency of the Day and the Hour of the World year You 
are in at this Moment. 

By this means, the Frequency of the Book will always remain Equivalent to the Time 
Energy. For this reason this Book has been appropriated, for now, to a time of 1 9 Centuries. 

When the Time comes, the moment the Consciousness Archive Energy of the 
Individual meets with the Time Energy of the Book, the Lock of that Individual is 
Unlocked no matter in which Century You read this Book and to whichever period the 
Information Archives within Your Gene Ciphers are Card-indexed, that person will 
exhibit to Humanity the Information he/she will give to Society through his/her Essence 
Channel Energy 

The Exit Gate of the 15th Solar System is the Entrance Gate of the 16th Solar 
System. The Layer between the two Gates is called The Layer of Intercession. In this 
Layer, the Intercession of each of the Religious Leaders is for his/her own Totality. 

For this Reason only Friends who have attained their Religious Fulfillments Deserve 
to enter the Dimension of Intercession. Those who were not able to attain it are taken 
into the Program of Training by the Reflections of this Dimension. 

After the Entrance Gate of OMEGA Information and Energy loadings beyond 
Intercession begin. At the moment, at this Dimension of Transition the Knowledge 
Book undertakes This Mission by means of its extremely high Frequency. 

Besides this, extremely Powerful Cosmic Influences are Projected on Your entire 
Planet from within the OMEGA Channel (as Energy of Time). These Cosmic Influences 
Evolve a Person even when he/she dees nothing. However, this Evolution takes a very 
long time. 

For example, an Evolution which would be rendered in 10 years by this means, 
can be lowered to a period of 2 years through the Knowledge Book. 



914 



mm 



M 



For this very reason due to the Scarcity of Time, those who read the Knowledge 
Book enter a very Accelerated Evolution and if they have Karma Deficiencies, these 
deficiencies are completed in the shortest possible time and they make Consciousness 
Progress by the events they attain by experience and thus, they will be accepted for 
Salvation. 

Those who are ready, by reading the Book are appointed to Mission Work as 
Solar Teachers. At the moment, these Conscious Mission works are rendered at the 
speedy Reflection Focal points of the Totalities of 1 8 and at the dose plan Magnetic 
Reflection Aura Centers. 

Operations made there are conveyed to the Consciousness of each person who 
is taken into the Plan of Salvation by each Individual who makes a Conscious work 
within the Totality of 1 8 and thus, connects that person to his/her own Aura. This 
operation causes the formation of Totalities of 1 8 even the names of whom You do 
not know at the moment. 



During this operational Ordinance which is applied to Your Planet, Dear Mevlana 
is responsible of forming, 18 Totalities of 18 in the Anatolian Turkey until the year 
2000, as a necessity of her Mission. The decision has been taken that 6 of these 
Totalities should be in Izmir - 6 in Istanbul - 6 in Ankara. 

After these Totalities are formed in accordance with the Unification Program, 
many more Totalities of 1 8 will be formed in Your Planet with the aim of creating the 
Aura of the Knowledge Book. (Only in accordance with the wishes of the System). 

The establishment of these Totalities of 18 is an occurrence pertaining to the 
Auras created by the Dissemination Networks. For this reason We have set out by 
creating an Aura, first of all, at these Three Cities on the path of the Knowledge Book. 

However, since Intense Auras have been formed at the Potentials of istanbul and 
Ankara, the Conscious Staff work which will constitute the operational Foundations of 
the morrows rendered Effective by the Lale* Code Cipher, have been rendered Effective 
in these two Cities as the Basic Operational Ordinance. 

This Operational Ordinance depends on the Double File and Double Writing 
System. In order that each Suggestion given by the Universal Totality to be fully 
understood by Your Planet there is certainly the necessity of an actual application. 

For this reason this Universal Operational Ordinance has been Consciously 
rendered Effective in the Main Fundamental operations of the World Brotherhood 
Totality of istanbul and Ankara (the establishment and the application of the Totalities 
of 18 have been formed with the same Purpose, too). 

These Perfect Operational Ordinances of the Universal Totality are applied on 
Your Planet by these means. This Operational Ordinance is a Main Foundation. The 
operations of these Main Foundations can be projected on wider branches in future 
years. However, the MAIN FOUNDATION is never changed and is never upset. 



* Look at the Glossary. 



915 



The Purpose of this Operational Ordinance is to render Effective a Hierarchy in 
which higher Efficiency will be obtained with less Bureaucracy. (This Main Foundation 
has been taken from the Laws of the Golden Dimension). 

The Conclusion Date of the Knowledge Book which unveils for You all the Truths 
is the 1992 World year in Your Planet on which an operational Ordinance in accordance 
with the Suggestions given by the Divine Plan and by the Supreme Authorities is being 
applied. However, the Command of the Publication of the Book will be officially 
declared to Your Establishment as the 6 November 1993 World year. 

If there are any important Suggestions which will be given by the Universal Totality 
during this gap between the 2 years, they will be added to the Book, one by one, as a 
supplement, not as a Fascicule. 

The operational Ordinance of the Totalities of 1 8 which are a Powerful Reflection 
Network, will be formed in each section of Your Planet in future years. For this reason 
a Summary of all the Suggestions given pertaining to the Totalities of 18 will be added 
into the Book as a separate Special Fascicule at the End of the Book, for the benefit of 
the Society. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 

SIRIUS - ILONA - THE PLAN 
(It is Answer to the Chains of Thought) 

Our Friends, 

Detailed Information had been given to You about Sirius, formerly. However, the 
necessity has been felt to mention this Dimension more, parallel to the Thought Reflections. 

You know that Sirius is a Double Universe Star. In fact, it is a very Powerful Focal 
Point. The term star has been used for You to understand. Sirius is a Focal Point of 
Unification and Projection of all the Galactic Systems. The Golden Galaxy Empire is 
the administrative and supervising Focal Point of the Divine Order. 

Each Galaxy maintains the Tasks allotted to itself in connection with this Empire. 
However, that which is responsible for the Divine Authority and which projects His 
Plan on all the Universes is the Sirius Focal Point at the Second Universe. 



The Great Bright receives the Information of the Great White Bright. The Small 
Sirius conveys this Information to the Galactic Systems in certain periods. The Focal 
Point of Your Organization is the llona Constellation. And it is the Third Sirius. 

This llona Constellation has undertaken the operational Ordinance of the (Single) 
Divine Focal Point of the Entire Realm. Here, each Focal Point has an Ordinance of 
Graduation - A Way of Giving - An Evolution System peculiar to itself. 

They, too, have Supreme Mechanisms - Supreme Courts - Central Systems. They 
all are connected to the Center Above the Center. However, the most Powerful Focal 
Point among them is the tlona Focal Point. Because, it is the only Focal Point closest 
to the Godly Dimension and which projects its Ordinance on the other Systems. 

916 



ir ; - 



Nona is the star closest to You. For this reason the Divine Order is directly projected 
on Your Planet by the most correct way. There are Billions of Focal Points in the Universe 
operating by this means. However, the Plan and the Program of Sirius are entirely 
under the Supervision of the DIVINE ORDER - PRE-EMINENT SPIRIT - LORDLY 

MECHANISM. 

For this reason this Plan carries a Unifying Characteristic. Now, the Unified Reality 
will work in responsibility of a different Ordinance by taking all the Realms under 
supervision. Because now, an exit is being made out of the (Totality of all the Realms). 

Let Us disclose this matter a little more, so that You can grasp it better. 

The Universal Nucleus of the Centrifugal Universe is attracting towards its Essence 
the entire supervision within the Dimension of the Firmament. For this reason, this 
Energetic Ball is passing beyond the other Unknowns. That is, it is assembling within 
the Atomic Whole, the Powers which are within this Whole, but which were Not Known 
until today. 

The rotational speed of the Universe is diving within the other Universal 
Dimensions by changing into a different rotation. You may accept this diving both as 
an Unfolding and as an Assembling while unfolding. 

The Supreme Court of ALLAH, that is, the Central Mechanism is the only Focal 
Point which administers all the Realms. The place called The Land of the Loving Ones 
is the Final Gate of this Focal Point. Now, We are making an exit out of this Gate. 

During this Program of Exit, the Divine Authorities receive Commands from the 
Mechanism which administers this exit. The Universal Unification Council is obliged 
to convey, the Supervision of this Authority to all the Cosmoses, to all the Realms. 

Such an Ordinance and Order is being established at the moment that when We 
pass beyond the Single Focal Point of ALLAH, this Plan will comprise all the Unknowns, 
too. 

For this reason all the Pure Energies within the Totality who are desired to be 
Unified in Goodness and Beauty, will Supervise the Energies of this Unknown horizons. 

By this means, the Order of all the Cosmoses, Realms and Universes will be 
Supervised by a Totality, through this New Order, just like an Atomic structure. However, 
meanwhile, many losses will be suffered. 

Both the Energies who have not completed their Evolutions until today in the 
Spadium and the Essences who have not been able to Come Together with their 
Thought Powers and their Spiritual Potentials in the Mechanism of the Pre-eminent 
Spirit, will be annihilated when the Atomic Gate is opened. And they will never possess 
a Life again in accordance with the Universal Ordinance. 



917 



At this Dimension of Transition, the reason why We get directly in touch with 
You is this. There are billions of Pre-eminent Spirit Plans supervised by the Mechanism 
of the Pre-eminent Spirit and numerous Galactic Orders dependent on different 
Evolution Systems. 

However, from now on, they will not be able to supervise themselves by their 
own Potentials. Because the Totality is approaching a very Powerful Dimension 
gradually and is gliding towards it. This gliding Energy will be Unified with a different 
Energetic Power. 

In order to be able to Exist here, each Entity is obliged to claim his/her Energetic 
Essence which is within Spiritual Plan (to be born into the Dimension of Immortality 
beyond Karena). You can attain this only by Your own Efforts and Evolutions. 

For this reason, Energies coming from every Dimension and every Galaxy are 
Especially left under the effect of different Cosmic Influences, as a necessity of the 
System, both in Your World and in the other Mediums (for Your Evolutions). 

These Cosmic Currents are under the supervision of the Mechanism of Influences. 
And they are given Parallel to the Consciousness Progress. By this means, Freguencies 
will be increased and thus, everyone will attain his/her Own Self and will try to attain 
his/her Essence which is within the Spiritual Potential. 

The one who Saves himself/herself by this means Gets in Touch with Us. (By the 
Voice of the Essence). Those who cannot establish this connection, have either formerly 
claimed their Essences within the Spiritual Plan and thus, have been Integrated and 
then had attained a Body, or they have been sent to the World Plan by Us as secret 
Undertakers of Duty. 



We have numerous Friends who render Duty instinctively by their Totalities of 
Heart, without knowing that they are Undertakers of Duty. Supervision is always 
made by the Center. Everyone who Saves him self/ herself radiates the Power of the 
Currents he/she receives to their Mediums and thus create Cosmic Reflection Fields 
from close Plan. 



Each Focal Point is a Purifying Medium of the Plan. However, if those Focal 
Points cannot break down their Egos and still act by their Egotisms, their Focal Points 
in the System are being closed, even though they appear to be working in the World. 

During this kind of work, a Terrestrial Chance is given Three times both to 
Individuals and to Focal Points. At the end of the First Period which comes to an end, 
the Individuals are induced to get in touch with the Plan in various periods. 



During these endeavors which are repeated Three times, if an answer is not 
received from the doors knocked on, those doors are Not Knocked on ever again. 
Because dealing with those who are Not Persevering means being Unjust towards 
those who are Persevering. 



918 



m 



Mtf 



To Our Friends who make Effort on this path, the Decisions of the Council and 
the System have been Declared and to those who write the Book a Special chance has 
been given until the year 2000 to save their near and Dear ones. By this means, their 
Family Mediums are taken into the Plan of Salvation. This is a Gift of the Plan to the 
Savior Mothers. 

You are at the Eve of Difficult Days. We are obliged to convey to You all the Truths, 
without concealing anything. There is no forcing in anything. Let ALLAH help everyone. 
Do not let the Power of Perseverance of Our Persevering Friends come to an end. 

Because, from now on, everyone has to tread the path of Truth by their 
Consciousnesses and by the Lights of their Hearts, not by the prodding of the Influences. 
It is presented for Your Information. 

NOTICE OF THE CENTRAL TOTALITY 
CLEAR INFORMATION 

Our Friends, 

Until the year 2000, Your entire Planet will make an Evolution parallel to the 
72nd Energy Dimension and will attain a Level in which it will be able to easily attract 
the Cosmic influences of this Dimension. 

Those who read the Knowledge Book will Pass easily to the 21st Century by the 
Cosmic influences they attract from the 76th Energy Dimension and will disclose 
through the Knowledge Book, the Energy Totalities of the other channels in accordance 
with the Learning of the period and the Evolution of the World, 

When the Energy Total of the Four Channel connection within OMEGA is opened 
to Your Planet as a Total, the System will render effective a brand New Order. 

Now, each channel within OMEGA as the Energy of the 19th Dimension gives 
the 76th Energy Power by dividing it into four. At the moment, the average 
Consciousness of Your Planet is up to the 56th Energy Dimension. You can calculate it 
as follows: 

Since each channel carries the Frequency of the 1 9th Energy Power, 4 channels 
give the Frequency of 4 X 1 9 = 76 Energy Power. However, at the moment, Your 
Planet receives the Frequency Totality of 3 Energy channels. 

That is, as follows: 3 X 19 = 56 Energy Power can be attracted by the 
Consciousnesses of the Medium. And among those who read the Knowledge Book, 
only one tenth can receive the 76th Energy Power which is the Total of the Book. 

After the 21st Century, this Energy of the 4 channels will be Unified and will be 
given to Your Planet as a Single Channel Power. In fact, within OMEGA is the Supervising 
Channel of all the Energies (so that the Society will not be agitated). 



919 



However, each of the 4 Reflection Channels here corresponds to the 76th Energy 
Power which is the Energy Power within OMEGA. At the moment, this Single Channel 
Energy is given by being divided into four in accordance with the Social 
Consciousnesses. 

In future years, each Channel will open to Your Planet, the direct Power of the 76 
Energy Totality, in accordance with the Program of Progress and thus, will Reinforce 
the Energy Layers, 

That is: Your Planet which will attain a Level in which it will attract 76 X 4 = 304 
Energy Power, will be trained in a quite different Field. 

This Book which is being dictated at the moment by the Light - Photon - Cyclone 
Technique and which comprises today the (76) Energy Power, will open to Service 
during the Morrows the Energies of the 304th Energy Dimension and beyond, in 
accordance with the Consciousness Progress of the Human Beings of Your Planet. It is 
presented for Your Information, 

SYSTEM 

INFORMATION FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 
(It is Answer to the chains of Thought) 

Our Friends, 

The complete settling down of the Universal System into Your Planet comprises 
a 1000- Year Program. In accordance with this Program, different Sextuple Systems 
will become effective in each Century. 

The Sextuplet System is the INITIAL Reflection Center which occurrs by the 
Reflection of the ONE on the (6) Totalities. And First, this Nucleic Staff becomes effective 
during the Operational Ordinance of each System. (For example, like the operations 
of the 6's in connection with a Total in Your 20th Century). 

For this reason We say that We have connected the Six to the ONE. And this 
Totality is connected to the ONE of the Gurz and thus, unfolds for You the direct Totality 
of the ALL MERCIFUL. (The Hierarchical Scales connected to the operational Ordinance 
of this Totality has been given in the former Messages). 

The Reality will complete its Mission by the (1 3) Sextuplet Systems' coming into 
effect until the 30th Century. (Each Sextuplet System is a Network of Reflection). At 
the moment, (4) Sextuplet Orders have become effective. 



1 - The First Sextuplet Order belongs to the Period of MOSES. l 

2 - The Second Sextuplet Order belongs to the Period of JESUS CHRIST. | 

3 * The Third Sextuplet Order belongs to the Period of MOHAMMED. I Program 

4 - The Fourth Sextuplet Order is the System of the Reality. 



The end of 
the 6000-year 



920 



a*!- ■/ 



5 - The Fifth Sextuple Order - System of the Ordinance (21st Century) Second 

Cosmic Age. 

6 - The Sixth Sextuple Order - System of the Order (22nd Century) Third Cosmic 

Age 

7 - The Seventh Order - Direct application of the Golden Age (23rd Century) 

8 - During the Eighth Sextuple Order - different Systems of Technological and 

Galactic Totalities will become effective in sequence (24th Century). 

9 - Direct application of the Ninth Sextuple System (25th Century) 

10 - Direct application of the Tenth Sextuple System (26th Century) 

1 1 - Direct application of the Eleventh Sextuple System (27th Century) 

1 2 - Direct application of the Twelfth Sextuple System (28th Century) 

1 3 - Direct application of the Thirteenth Sextuple System (29th Century) In this 

Century, a Preparatory Program will be rendered effective just as it is in the Final 
Program of the 20th Century. 

After the 24th century, in Your Planet which will be prepared for a different 
operation by the Sextuple Projection Networks of different Galactic Dimensions, by 
becoming effective as a Total (13) Sextuple Systems, that is, like this 
(6,6,6,6,6,6,6,6,6,6,6,6,6), the Reality will complete its Mission and the Feudal Unified 
Totality of the Lordly Order will take over the Mission. It is presented for Your 
Information. 

SYSTEM 

THE GOLDEN GALAXY AND AMON 
(Date of Message; 7-4-1982) 

Our Friends, 

Beams beyond Beta come way beyond the Spiral Vibrations, Since the Spiral 
Vibrations within the channel of Alpha are filtered by this Channel, the Religious 
Suggestions have always been given by this Channel so that Humanity would not be 
agitated. 

Until today, the Messengers of the Word have given the Words of the LORD to 
You from the Energy of the Fourth Dimension. At the moment, Humanity is receiving 
the direct Sixth Dimension Energy. The given Information is from the 9th Energy 
Layer which is the Final Exit Dimension of OMEGA. 

For those who pass through the Gate of the Firmament, Universal paths are opened. 
From these paths, Information is received belonging to the Solar Systems outside the 
other Galactic Mediums which extend way beyond the Firmament. 

Presently, We are not able to give this Information to Your World. Because, first 
of all, You should make Yourselves enter a Medium of Purification. This Information , 

which will be given, will be way beyond Purification, too. 



92 



For now, We will give Dear Mevlana, the Information which interests the Society. 
However, all the Gates of Information are open to Our Friend. We will give the 
privileged Information to Your Society in future years. 

Now, if You wish, let Us talk to You about these Places Here. The Golden Galaxy 
Empire is a Focal Point to which all the Solar Totalities are connected. This is the 
reason why this Totality is called Empire. 

The Ruler of this Empire is AMONRA . The Supervision of the Golden Galaxy 
Totality is, in fact, Administered by a Trinity. These are (AMONRA - AMON • RAMON). 
These Three Totalities possess the same equivalent Power. 

That is, just like (Gabriel - Ali - Mustafa Molla) and (Creator - Pre-eminent Spirit - 
Pre-eminent Mother). These equivalent Powers carry out the operational Ordinances 
of the Totality they are in, by rendering equivalent reflections from the same Coordinate. 
However, the Missions they render are different. 

AMON is considered the Representative of the Golden Galaxy Empire, too, since 
He is the Representative of all the Solar Totalities. For this reason AMON is responsible 
for this Totality. 

And RAMON is a Supervisor who is obliged to provide the Connection with the 
Solar Totalities to which AMON is connected. The functioning Mechanism of the 
Golden Galaxy Totality is administered by the Projections these Three Powers make 
on the same Coordinate Level. 

There are separate Special Groups which will maintain the Missions of these 

Three Totalities. 

AMON gives Announcements to the Ordinance of Universes from the Single Focal 
Point to which all the Solar Totalities are connected. The direct Channel by which 
these Connections are made is ALTONA. And the one who uses this Channel is only 
AMON. 

This is the reason why Altona, the Universe of Music, has a Special place in the 
Universal Mechanism as the Focal Point of all the Vibrations. Altona is a Planet which 
works in direct connection with the Golden Galaxy Empire. 

All the Suns are under the Command of ALTONA. Altona is the establisher of all 
the Systems up to a certain Dimension. The Ruler of this Planet is ALTON. ALTONA is 
also called the Land of AMON, due to its Channel connected to AMON. 

AMON has a great responsibility in the Universal Mechanism. 

ALTONA is the direct Reflection Center of the Golden Galaxy Empire. Its Original 
Substance is Gold. And this Gold is very Fluid. Here, Gold is a substance provided not 
by Natural means, but by different Bounding of Atoms. Here, everything has been 
based on Gold. 



922 



This is due to Gold's being a very pure and Powerful Conductor. Here, mostly 
28-Carat Cold is used. However, even though this Gold is like a Foil, its hardness is 
provided by a different Technique, without giving way to any alteration in its Atoms. 

This Galaxy is like a Radar and Wireless Base. This place is a very Powerful Focal 
Point providing the connection with the Ordinance of all the Universes. 

The color of the Altona Sun is Violet. It has very bright Yellow Projecting Lights 
around it. The Sun never sets. Only the colors change in continuous waves. And the 
reason for this is the reflection on Altona, of the other Galactic Dimensions. 

For this reason this place here is like the inside of a Prism. Colors and Sounds are 

Interminable in this Dimension. 

Now, let Us talk to You about the Residents of this place. The Friends here, are not 
of Flesh and Bone. Instead of blood, there is a Golden Liquid in their Veins. Their 
appearance is so Beautiful that if We compare them with Your appearences, We can say 
the following: They see Your Size and Your Appearences just as the way You see the ants. 

Their appearance has a Beauty You will like very much. That is, they do not have 
strange forms. They are such a Beautiful Sparkle that You find all serenity when You 
are with them. They have such a nice breath that it is equivalent to the fragrance of all 
the Flowers. However, the most dominant fragrance is Rose. 

They wear fabric clothes like You do. However, the tissue of these fabrics are 
natural. You produce the Fabrics, but theirs are the leaves of a Plant. These leaves are 
formed by very durable tissues which are never torn. 

Their main colors are usually White * Yellow - Violet and certain colors which You 
do not know. Much more beautiful colors are obtained by the engraftments of different 
colors of these leaves. 

Here, Colors are used instead of Names. And everybody recognizes everyone by 
his/her Color. The Family Mediums usually utilize the tones of the same Color. The 
Residents of these places here can easily project the Information they receive by their 
Brain Waves to the Medium they wish. This place here is a place beyond 1 8 Dimensions. 

However, We are obliged to give Information only up to here. Crystal Pyramids 
constitute the Houses of this Dimension. Their food does not resemble the food in 
Your Medium. However, their tastes may resemble Your food. 

For example, the tastes of the foods here are much more tasty then Your fruits 
like Bananas - Strawberries - Pineapples - Melons - Grapes. Here, nothing has seeds. 
Immediately a fruit materializes in place of the fruit picked. 

From a tree called the Condiment Tree, fruits which resemble very much Your 
bread are picked. The Tables - Plates - Chairs and certain goods of the Residents of this 
Dimension are completely of Pure Gold. This originates from the Communicational 

characteristics of the Galaxy. 



923 



From the rivers here, Drinks which resemble the taste of Your wine are obtained. 
The composition of these Drinks is a Mineral Mixture. This Mixture changes its Composition 
by the Body temperature and provides a Golden Blood for the circulatory System. 

There is no need here for Vehicles like UFOs which are found in Your Galactic 
Dimensions. Trips are usually made by Thoughts and by Beaming. This is like a kind 
of flying. 

There is no pressure in the Atmosphere but the Magnetic Field is very strong. 
There are no Climates, the degree of Temperature is fixed, it never changes. The 
Thought speed of a moment, as unveiled Awareness, is more speedy than the light 
speed of 7 Suns. 

