interesting Your entire Planet. 

In Mediums where the mutual Tolerance have decreased between the Groups, 
Consciousnesses who can not grasp the interpretation of the Messages given to the 
Group of the Sixes, will never be able to grasp the Truth, either. 

This Message has been given as an answer to certain Social Views. (It will be 
written in the Book exactly as it is. Any Alteration is out of question). 

REALITY 



495 



IT IS INFORMATION FOR OUR TERRESTRIAL FRIENDS 

Our Friends, 

We have gradually opened the Currents of the Channel of Omega Three to Your 
Planet (21-06-1988) which we have avoided giving until today, so that all the Universal 
Unifications could be provoked by a constructive Focal Point. 

You will personally witness the extraordinary events that will occur in Your Planet 
which will be guided towards an Integration only through these Currents. Let Us 
mention certain characteristics of these Currents oriented towards Your Planet by the 
Special Commands of the Plan. 

These are Currents carrying Supernatural influences, creating an influence parallel 
to the Natural Equilibrium and they can create certain alterations in climate conditions 
and on Natural Equilibrium. 

In physical constitutions not habituated to these Currents, some pain centers 
can be provoked. However, this is not continuous. These Currents comprising Three- 
day periods will be given until the end of February, 1 989, by these intervals. 

Shock Waves of Knowledge and Consciousness specially given until today have 
now been oriented towards Your Planet with a different type of Energy. These are the 
Currents which will increase Your Cellular Resistance being influential on Cellular Forms. 

These Currents, also accepted as a kind of Engraftment, may create cramps by 
influencing the most Vulnerable places in the Physical Constitutions. There is nothing 
to worry about. 

The physical constitution will, in time, regenerate itself and will overcome the 
sickness. It is not a medical matter. It is a Natural method. Each pain will Strengthen 
the Cell in question in accordance with its degree of sensitivity and thus, more positive 
results will be taken. 

Our Friends, during this Last Transition Period, For Your own good, when You 
see the results of events which, for the moment, seem malicious to You, only then will 
You grasp the Truth and will understand that You have never been deceived. 

Since it was desired that this Message should specially be given to You, it has 
been conveyed as an Information through the channel of Omega Three. 

CENTER 



496 



IT IS NOTICE FOR THE PUBLIC CONSCIOUSNESS 

Our Friends, 

In Your Planet connected to the Mechanism of Conscience at the moment, each 
individual will aid, in accordance with the Power of his/her Light of Conscience and 
Essence and his/her works, the Universal Order of the Divine Plan and Humanity in 
this Program of Progress of the Final Age. 

Sincere People are helped by their Guardian Friend and to the Consciousnesses 
who are connected to the Plan the Helping Hands of the Plan are extended. All Friends 
connected to the Plan are each a Solar Teacher. And their Consciences inform them 
about their Missions incumbent on them. 

The Order and the Ordinance of the Entire Cosmos have always been oriented 
towards the good, the beautiful and the right by a functioning tempo of this kind. No 
Power can hinder the ORDER OF THE LORD, the operation of the System. Time is the 
greatest Teacher. It helps You grasp the Truths. Our Love is for all the Universes. 

SUPREME ASSEMBLY 

THE GOLDEN AGE AND YOUR PLANET 

Our Friends, 

The Golden Age is an Investment made into Centuries. Each Reformic Order is a 
Golden Age. However, the characteristic of this final Transition Period is a Mass 
Awakening and now, Your Planet is living through this very Final Consciousness Period. 

Those who had established the Divine Orders of the Divine Plans help Your Planet 
through numerous different channels so that everyone may attain a certain level of 

Consciousness. 

Depressions Your Planet goes through at the moment which has arrived at the 
Consciousness Progress of today, beginning with Periods much earlier than Your Sacred 
Books are the Birth Pains of this Final Age. 

For this reason, We presume that all Worldly establishments and Humanity serving 
in a Difficult Program of Progress have now attained the Consciousness of what the 
point is from which the Phenomenon called RESURRECTION originates. 

Your Planet which has lost many of its qualities from the Material, Spiritual and 
Natural viewpoints is receiving help from Authorized Powers to be restored again. 

The extraordinary events experienced since the past until the present and all the 
events to be displayed to You will Unify Your Planet in a very short time in the 
Consciousness of the Truth. 



Extremely Happy Morrows are awaiting Your Planet which will attain Cosmic 
Totality if it is not said for me, for You, for Him/Her. Our Love is for all the Universes. It 
is presented for Your Information. 

COSMOS FEDERAL ASSEMBLY 

497 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

Since it is obligatory to mention again and again the Knowledge Book in the Messages 
given from the System in accordance with a Decision taken, all the Special features and 
Functions of the Book are laid down in front of Your eyes all the time. 

By this means, doubts will be effaced and thus, Service on the Path of the Truth 
will be rendered more Consciously. Do not ever receive the given Information by way 
of conditioning. Investigate, Think, discover the Truth by Your own Consciousness. It 
is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

The Final Evolution expected of You at the moment, is not the Evolution of the 
World. The Evolution You have rendered before and will render is the Evolution of the 
System and of the Awareness of the Ordinance. To achieve this, each of Your Bodily 
Cells should be equivalent to the Evolution of Your Essence-Consciousness and this is 
a Must. 

The Terrestrial Evolution is the Evolution of Unification of the Consciousness of 
Thought and the Bodily Energy. But the Evolution of the Awareness of the System of 
the Ordinance is the Evolution of Unification of Your Essence-Consciousnesses with 
Your Cell-Essence. Here, the Essence Nuclei Unify. In the other one, Essence-Energies 
Unify. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 

IT IS INFORMATION FOR OUR TERRESTRIAL BROTHERS AND SISTERS 

Our Friends, 

The Fifteenth Solar System is the Entrance Gate of the Omega Dimension. At the 
Delta Dimension which is the Fourteenth Solar System, Gamma Rays have begun to 
be given to Your Planet. 

You have received until today, the Currents beyond Gamma. Starting with the 
beginning of 1988, the First and Second Golden Age Channels of the Omega 
Dimension have been opened. These Channels orient the Energies providing 

Consciousness Unifications. 

And now, We have opened to Your Planet, by the Command of the Plan, the 
Dimensional Energies of Omega Three which will reinforce the Bodily Energies by 
providing Cellular Totality. 



498 



The Omega Dimension is a very Powerful Detector Projecting the Nine Energy 
Channels. Until the Year 2000, these Nine Energy Channels from this Dimension will 
be opened to Your Planet, one by one, and thus, a gradual Power Progress will be 
started. There are two categories of such Progress: 

1 - Mental Progress, 

2 - Cellular and Physical Progresses. 

At the First Stage, Exams of Humaneness - Love - Tolerance - Altruism ~ Patience 
- Mission Consciousness are gone through, bearing in mind the Moral Data. 

At the Second Stage, We are Coding to what degree the Physical disorders interrupt 
the performance of Missions and are selecting, one by one, the Genuine Missionaries and 
rendering these staffs of Missionaries to possess a more Powerful Bodily Structure and 
then they are taken into the Dimension of Protection as Educating Staffs. 

These Friends shed Light on Your Planet in every field. These given Currents may 
render certain negative influences at the beginning by pressurizing the Cellular 
Functions. Symptoms are healed by themselves and the Powerless Tissues become 
Powerful by Regenerating themselves. 

The physical constitution will cure itself Naturally. As We said before, medical 
interference is unnecessary. (For the Missionaries). All Our Human Friends will be habituated 
to these Currents until the end of Your Century. It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

The Triple-Waved, Collective Consciousness Currents of the Golden Galaxy 
Dimension have been started to be given as Advanced Evolution Currents to Your 
Planet for the past one and a half months. You can never receive the Information You 
will receive from beyond the Times gone through the Progress of Time, without 
receiving these Dimension currents. 

An operational System concerning the preparation of the Year 1 990 is applied 
on Your Planet. These Energy Pores cause neck and head aches in especially the 
Consciousnesses who belong to the Religious Dimension. There is nothing to worry 
about, it is temporary. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



499 



IT IS INFORMATION FOR OUR TERRESTRIAL BROTHERS AND SISTERS 

Our Friends, 

In this Final Age Program in which a Unified Totality is to be attained together 
with the establishers of the Divine Orders of the Divine Plans, Information given to 
Your entire Planet has the characteristic of confirming each other. However, the Truth 
is projected on Your Planet under the Light of the Information given to Dear Mevlana. 

Now, let Us disclose a bit more certain detailed Information about the Currents 
directed to You so that You can grasp it better. 

Friends who will attain the ability to receive these Currents which will comprise 
the Ordinance of the entire Realm will receive great help from the Focal Point the Data 
of which You receive at the moment. 

These Currents which will continue until the end of February of the Year 1 989 
are Currents which will Strengthen both Your Social and Your Cellular Functions. You 
will personally witness the extraordinary effects of these Currents. 

These Currents will render all the Friends who advance on the Positive Path of 
the Golden Age, attain Positively influencing Powers. These Currents are specially 
given to Your Planet through an Energy Channel, given for Social Medium Activities, 
of the Omega Dimension. 

While this Social Activity is provided, let Us repeat again, temporary negativities 
may be seen in Physical Constitutions not habituated yet to these Currents. This never 
effects the Physical Constitutions. 

The Year 1990 will be the official application and settling of the Universal Plan 
on Your Planet. The Actual expected Lights will be unveiled after the Year 1990. (The 
direct opening in Cosmic Channels.) 

Now, let Us mention the Currents of Two Channels which will be started to be 
given in the Year 1990 and after. 

The First Channel will Directly be opened to Your Planet in the Year 1990 and 
will comprise a Period of 6 Years. The Second Channel will again be Directly opened 
to Your Planet in the Year 1996 and will continue until the Year 2002. 

But there is the following difference: the Period of these Currents belonging to 
the year of 1 999 which has great Peculiarity will have a more different quality beginning 
with the Year 1998. Physical agitations are Temporary. 

Since it will be necessary for everyone to become habituated to these Currents, 
medical interference will be in vain, will be to no avail. Everything will be dealt with 
through Natural means. 



500 



During the Period in which You will be habituated to the Rays of the Sun, You 
will need these Currents for survival. These Currents help You in every way. We will 
give the Messages concerning these matters in future years. Now, We have conveyed 
them as a Pre-lnformation. 

This is a Method of Engraftment. Physical ailments, rather than Spiritual 
Depressions may occur. There is no question about any danger. The results are Positive. 

Rather those who have Infinite Awareness will be able to receive these Currents 
which will cause You to attain more Power. Everyone will see with his/her own eyes 
what the Power of the Years is and, ultimately, they will feel more energetic and young. 
It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 

IT IS INFORMATION FOR OUR TERRESTRIAL BROTHERS AND SISTERS 

Our Friends, 

During this Period of Transition, certain alterations have occurred in the orders 
of both Social and Family lives of everyone living on Your Planet. 

These events which are under the supervision of the Plan are Factors preparing 
You for more Advanced Consciousnesses. In this Medium, everyone is obliged to be 
in contact with everyone else with the Mission of kindling the Light of Knowledge. 

At the moment, the Cosmic Currents showering Your Planet carry such Powerful 
Waves that these received Currents cause the uneasinesses mentioned above due to 
the accumulations they render in certain Physical Constitutions who are not ready. 

These accumulations will be Your Evolutionary stimulants in future, provided 
You act with patience in every matter. These currents which will comprise a period of 
One Year will prevail until February 1990. 

These currents are given from the System as a Collective Triple Power by the 
Cosmic showers way beyond the Dimensional Frequencies of the Golden Galaxy. We 
call these Energy Pores (Evolution Currents). 

Now, You are making the Evolvement of a Thousand Years in One Month. These 
Currents load Information on each channel in accordance with its Capacity. In the 
Evolutionary Level of the Fifteenth Solar System, Power is always given to those who work. 

An idle person can never be happy. Now, everyone will render the Mission (in 
every field) required of him/her in everywhere he/she goes and will find Happiness by 
this means. 

The Consciousness Level, Capacity and Mission Consciousness of each person 
have been assessed, one by one. What they can do has been coded. Dropping under 
this Potential will make You unhappy. 



50) 



The traffic of Your Planet which will attain a greater effort and speed by this 
means will increase and the Speed of Development in the Evolutionary Level will rise 
to the maximum Dimension until the Year 2000. 

The' Awareness explosions You will observe in Your Planet in very near future will 
surprise all of You, With the hope of Meeting in Sunny Days in which all Consciousnesses 

will Unite. 

CENTER 
IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

The Mechanism of Influences obliged to convey the Energies of the Universal 
Dimension in accordance with the Level of training of each Period is the Direct Projective 
Focal Point of the System. 

During the Egyptian Period, TUTANKAMON had been the Direct Missionary of 
the Plan, as the Essence Messenger of the Unified Reality. He used to receive the 
information from the Unified Triangle of the (TUTAN-K-AMON) Trinity. However, in 
accordance with the Consciousness of that Period, he used all three as a single name. 

Now, since the operational Orders are divided into Missions, these Three Energy 
Dimensions are projected through Three Focal Points, not through a Single Focal Point, 
in accordance with the System of Trinity. 

The First one is projected as EGYPT, the Second, as KRISHNA and the Third, as 
the OM Unified Freguency. This Triangle has undertaken the Special Supervision of 
Your Planet. It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



NOTICE FROM THE REALITY UNITY 



Our Friends, 

In Your Planet in which the Preparation Period for the Sunny Days has been 
started with great speed, now, Humanity is undertaking and will undertake the Mission 
of serving Humanity with entirely Humane Feelings. 

A Committee of Mass Organization administered by an Organization among all 
the Planets will get in touch with You more intimately. 

Hence, each Individual will increase, with all his/her Power, both his/her Material 
and Spiritual investments into the Establishment and Salvation Plan of the Golden 
Age by the projection of the Divine Administration Laws also on the Social Orders. 

In this Program in which the entire Humanity is oriented, the Consciousnesses of 
the Final Age will do everything in accordance with their own Consciences and Essences 
and will make their Individual Judgments by their Individual Consciousnesses. 



502 



Now, the entire Humanity which has entered a Path of Light of no return will 
shed Light on the morrows by the investments it makes from today. And all the 
wonderful things Promised to You will be given to You and to those who deserve 
them. This is a Pledge of COD. 

The Star on the Forehead of everyone will shine, everyone will Realize himself/ 
herself more Consciously and will walk on this path more Consciously. 

Meanwhile, fears and negative reactions will increase even more in those who 
have not seen the Light of Consciousness, Worldly Hells will be experienced through 
Thoughts which will suffocate them even more. (The System is not responsible for the 
negativities in Your Planet) 

At the moment, the entire obligation belongs to Humanity and to Human Beings. 
From now on ALLAH will Directly extend help to everyone who helps his/her brothers 
and sisters by seeing the Light in them. 

In this Medium of Selection, all Consciousnesses are subject to a Program of 
Progress. However, direct Connections are rendered only with those who leap over 
the threshold. 

From now on, all the Information to be given will be the mutual Information of 
every channel. By this means, Humanity will Realize the Truth once more, more Consciously. 

You will still have Misunderstandings and Testings. These Messages given to 
You are in the nature of help. 

However, this Program which will continue until the Light of Truth is seen 
transforms into Light the moment it is stepped on the Path of the Truth and thus, 
Material and Spiritual help will be Prepared for You by Celestial connections. 

All the negativities in Your Planet are inversely proportioned. It means that 
Humanity which is Conscious of this is walking on the straight path. It is presented for 
Your Information. 

SYSTEM - REALITY 

IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE PUBLIC CONSCIOUSNESS 
(It is Answer to the chains of Thought) 

Our Friends, 

On the Path of justice, it is the Greatest Meritoriousness to tell the Truth You know. 
To conceal the Truth, to be Secretive towards a person is the Greatest of Sins hindering 
the Evolution of that Person. If You keep silent so that people will appreciate and like You, 
this will be the Greatest Selfishness and this will be Your Greatest Sin. 

Trying not to see any blemish in anyone and trying to cover that blemish are 
quite different matters. Instead of trying to cover that blemish, try to remove it Help 
that person. If that blemish can not be removed, trying to prevent people from seeing 
it hinders the Evolution of that person. Each person Deserves to see the Sun of the 
Truth by the Bitter experiences he/she goes through. 

503 



Telling the Truth is not gossiping. It is a Torch shedding Light on People. But the 
opposite leads You to an end which accuses You with concealing the screen of Truth. 
Considering this, always act by the Light of Your Conscience. Hold the Thorny hand 
so that Your Sunny hand can scorch those thorns. 

The Genuine Friend is the one who tells the bitter Truth. Your Egos may not be 
pleased with this. But in future, OUR LORD will give You the Serenity of Saving a 
Friend. It is not possible to experience everything instantly, nothing is exposed or 
manifested instantly. However, Time is a Sun of Truth. 

You can not know exactly the mistakes or the meritorious deeds You have done. 
There are such meritorious deeds seeming to You as if they were mistakes and no one 
can know this. However, one day, the Truth will be displayed in front of Your eyes. Ask 
the questions first of all to Your Conscience by diving into Your inner selves. You will 
see the Sun of Truth in the Serenity You will find there. 



CENTER 



A QUESTION WAS ASKED 



Question 
Answer 



What are the required qualities in a Mature Person and in Supreme 
Missionaries? 

Answered by Mustafa Molla. 



The maturity of a Person is concurrent with his/her manner. Everyone sees the Divine 
Light of his/her Heart. There is nothing incomprehensible about this. If a person has 
Transcended Himself/Herself, if he/she has Integrated everything in his/her Eyes and Heart, 
then that person is the Possession of Humanity, not of himself/herself. 

If a person presumes himself to be mature, then that person is not mature. If he/ 
she presumes that he/she is a Supreme Missionary, then he/she has not Deserved that 
Mission. Merit in a Mission is concurrent with the deeds done. Merit means to Deserve 
the Missions performed. But Deserving is achieved by the Maturity of Heart. And this 
is attained by the investments made into Centuries. 

Those who appraise in accordance with the Views of everyone may not be 
equivalent with the View of Cod. In the View of Cod, the Maturity of ESSENCE - EYE - 
WORD is valid. 

If You do not decry anyone, if You do not make any discrimination between 
People, if You pretend You have not Seen what You have Seen, You have not Heard 
what You have Heard, if You can divide Your Love Equally between everyone, then You 
can find the answer to the Mature Person and the Supreme Missionary in the question 
You asked. God Bless You, Remain in good health. 

MUSTAFA MOLLA 



Note: This Maturity is peculiar only to the Travellers of the Divine Path. But to be 
a hindrance to a Human Being by telling the Truth is peculiar to the Missionaries of 
Evolution. The former saves His/Her Own Self, the latter saves the Masses. 

CENTER 

504 



1989 Second Month 
Fascicule 32 



IT IS GENERAL MESSAGE 



Our Friends, 

We, as the residents of the Golden Galaxy, say Hello to You from the peak of Our 
Mission. The Consciousness Progress in Your Planet is attaining a tremendous intensity 
and speed at the moment. 

The Golden Galaxy Empire is a Staff of Supreme Missionaries helping the System 
directly by becoming effective during each Transition Period, and Projecting the Entire 
Power of the Divine Plan on the Universal Ordinance. 

For this reason We have gotten in touch with You as required by Our Mission. By 
the Command of OUR LORD, Consciousness Progressions in Your Planet are directly 
supervised by the Unified Reality Universal Council which is under the supervision of 
the System. 

The Plan - System • Ordinance Triplet serves directly under the Supervision of the 
LORD. And the KNOWLEDGE BOOK is dictated to Dear Mevlana by Our Permission. 
Your Planet is subjected to a Special Supervision during This Period of Resurrecting. 

Divine Authorities are the Founders and the Protectors of all the Systems. However, 
during this Period of Transition, the entire Humanity will spill out what they conceal 
within themselves by the influence of the Cosmic Currents, and the Genuine Personality 
of each person will be exposed. 

For this reason Your Planet will be the scene of undesired chaos. Besides, it is 
silently and profoundly proceeding towards a Unity and Totality which is not perceived. 
Selections and Supervisions are rendered for this very reason. 

And about the matter of Protection: there is no doubt that OUR LORD is the 
Protector of everyone. However, it is also imperative to Deserve that Protection. During 
this Final Period of Transition, each person is Protected in proportion with his/her 
Consciousness and with the Mission he/she performs. 

The JUDGEMENT of everyone is now given to his/her own hands. While everyone 
picks up his/her own Roses, some people will be their own Executioners by pulling 
their own ropes with their own hands. This is a Decree. No one can escape from this 
Law. The Characteristic of this Period is its being the Period of Sincerity. 

At the moment, the criterion of the System is its accepting each Sincere person 
as Evolved (due to the Scarcity of Time). Since those who have been Purified will be 
Saved by this means, at the moment, Religious Suggestions reign in certain Societies 
in Your Planet. This is effectively in service as a Mass Salvation. 



505 



It is not possible at all for Every Human Being to grasp the Awareness of the 
Entire Ordinance. The Human Being's own Consciousness and Essence render the 
present Selection in accordance with the Law of UNIVERSAL RULES AND OBEDIENCE. 
For this reason there will be extremely Difficult Exams to be experienced by Humanity 
which is drowned in the sea of its private weaknesses. 

The Supreme Mechanism calling to the entire Humanity from within the Universal 
Totality, keeps under control, each instant, the mistakes and Power demonstrations 
Humanity renders Unconsciously. Otherwise, extremely grave and critical situations 
would occur in Your Planet. 



The System never judges anyone in accordance with Worldly sense of values, 
the moment, everyone in Your Planet assesses his/her own value. 



At 



We make Cosmic reflection. These Energy Pores exhibit to Your Planet the 
Genuine Consciousnesses and Essences. We get in touch with them and take them 
into the Plan of Protection. For this reason, the Knowledge Book has been bestowed 
on You as a Guide of Truth and as an Assisting Power. 

We are giving this Message from the Sun of AMON on behalf of the Golden 
Galaxy Empire. This Message has been dictated as a result of an Information given 
from the Center. We are obliged to inform all the Universal Friends about Our gratitude 
on behalf of the PRE-EMINENT SPIRIT, OUR LORD and THE ESSENCE OF THE SYSTEMS. 

In future, the Dimension of the ALMIGHTY and the Systems beyond it will be 
mentioned to You and Messages will be given. Only then will the entire Humanity 
understand what the Knowledge Book is. It is presented for Your Information. 

MEMBERS OF THE EMPIRE 

IT IS INFORMATION ABOUT THE GOLDEN GALAXY 
(Answer to the chains of Thought) 

Our Friends, 

The Golden Galaxy Empire is a Projecting Order of the Universal Orders and 
Divine Dimensions. The Central Center of the Golden Galaxy is a Radar Center Base. 
The Central Center is an artificial Satellite. 

Its Essence Nucleus is pure Gold. The standard purity of the Gold is 28 carats. 
This Gold, as soft as a gold leaf, is like an Accumulator made of special mineral and 
metal alloys. This Base is in touch with the Galactic Dimensions in all the Universal 
Orders. It is both a Collecting and a Projecting Focal Point. 

This place can neither be seen nor detected from Your Terrestrial Medium. The 
Polar Star is the Projecting Focal Point of the Golden Galaxy Dimension. It is not a 
Fixed Star. It rotates parallel to the speed of rotation of the Universal Totality. For this 
reason its course is fixed. 



506 



The Light of this star showing You Your way, reaches Your Planet in 50 World 
Years. However, the Actual Center is much farther away. The Actual Golden Galaxy 
Empire is a very big Planet. It is called "The Land of Eagles". 

The Land of AMON is the Co-Founder System of the RA Order. This is called 
AMON-RA. This System operates by the Sextuplet Flower System. This is the Dimension 
of the ALL-MERCIFUL. It is in touch with the Council and the Universal Totality 
Unifications of the Realities. 

Even though it is the Single Responsible One and the Directing Mechanism of 
the entire Universal Ordinance and the Divine Orders, it also compiles the Knowledge 
of the Dimensions outside its own System. 

The Golden Galaxy Empire which We qualify as a very advanced Solar Dimension 
is the only Empire Projecting and Organizing the entire communication System within 
the Atomic Whole. 

This Galaxy is an artificial golden Projecting Center established in accordance 
with the Satellite Ordinance. Its Responsible One is AMON. But the actual Focal 
Point is outside the Atomic Whole. 

All the Ordinance and Systems act in connection with this Medium, It is a Galaxy 
Totality Responsible for all the Orders. 

Information coming from the Orders way beyond the Divine Plans is subject to 
Supervision here. Projections on the Orders of all the Cosmoses are made in accordance 
with the scales of Consciousness, Frequency and Evolution. 

As the Nona Constellation projects the Lordly Hierarchy of only Your Order, it 
also makes reflections on the other Dimensions from these Dimensions. However, the 
nearest Planet to the Initial Reflection Focal Point is You. For this reason, connections 
are healthier. 

In each GURZ System, there is a Golden Galaxy Empire. And each Gtirz System 
serves its own SINGLE - its own ONE - its own ALL MERCIFUL. 

The Operational Orders of Universal Unifications are the same In all the Gurz 
Systems. However, Evolutions are different. Just as there are Worlds in which Terrestrial 
Bodies live in these Gurzes, there are also Focal Points rendering only Cerebral 
transmissions. 

The UNIVERSAL FEUDALITY UNIFICATION CENTER which keeps a GCirz System 
under Protection, does not wish to give this Information to every Dimension. 

However, at the moment, the Triplet of SUPREME MECHANISM - PUN OF THE 
PRE-EMINENT SPIRIT - UNIVERSAL COUNCIL has undertaken the responsibility to convey 
the Information Your Planet needs into the KNOWLEDGE BOOK, through the Special 
Channel of the Council. 



507 



During this Period of Transition, Information is conveyed to Your Planet in 
accordance with the Consciousness Capacity attained. Each Consciousness is different. 
For this reason each Awakening Consciousness at the moment is obliged to convey 
the Truth to those who do not know it. it is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



OUR FRIENDS 



The Private Supervision channels of You Our Friends, who are the Missionaries of 
Peace and who are the Special spokespeople of the Reality are under a great control. 
However, We had Connected Your channels to the Supervision of the Center until 
today so that Your Levels of Consciousness would not be agitated by different channel 
penetrations. 

Now, since We know that Our friends who serve on this path are Consciousnesses 
who will not be agitated by the Waves of the Golden Galaxy Dimension, different 
Dimensional Energies will be connected to the Consciousnesses who can grasp this 
Universal Totality, and Universal Integration will be provided by this means. 

No DEGENERATED Energy can ever enter the Dimension from which You are 
receiving a Message at the moment. For this reason We are connecting You, being 
independent of supervision, to the next higher Dimension and channel. We are always 
together with You. It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

With the Staff being formed in alt the GURZ Systems at the moment, in order to 
take Duty in the Staff of a forming Ordinance of a Universe, All the GURZ Systems are 
being trained with the same Technological capabilities and Systems. 

These Staffs of the REALITY of SUPER HUMANITY, by working at much more 
advanced Existential Dimensions, will be introduced to the Advanced Technological 
Staffs. At the moment a Thousand GURZE5 altogether will form this Universal Staff. It is 
presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



508 



NOTICE 

Our Friends, 

The KNOWLEDGE BOOK which is continued to be dictated is not a Book of 
Religion. Those who deserved to read that Book had consumed the Information of 
the Sacred Books Centuries ago, had transcended that Dimension and had Deserved 
to live during the Period of Sincerity, by becoming themselves a Book each. 

That which is expected of those who have become Books themselves, is to render 
those who are not Books, to become Books. And that which is going to achieve this at 
the moment is the KNOWLEDGE BOOK carrying Supreme Information and Frequencies 
and which is new for You, but very ancient for Us. 

The OLD TESTAMENT- the PSALMS OF DAVID - the NEW TESTAMENT - the KORAN 
and the PHILOSOPHIES OF THE FAR EAST which had Purified You once, are the Celestial 
Doctrines revealed to Your Planet from the KNOWLEDGE BOOK which is here. 

However, during those Periods, the Frequencies of those Books used to Purify 
people by changing in accordance with the Frequency of those who Read those Books, 
with the charge of the Knowledge within them and the numerical loadings attracting 
Human Beings towards the Path of GOD through the formalist Worships rendered on 
that path. 

But now, Worships beyond formalism are Worships of ESSENCE - HEART - 
CONSCIOUSNESS - KNOWLEDGE. We cannot accept as Purified those who can not 
step on the path of Worship of this kind. 

Those Supreme Books will never become ineffective. Because, during Your former 
lives, those which had rendered You the You of today were those Books. 

However, if there are still those who do not understand the KNOWLEDGE BOOK 
carrying the Power and the Frequency of them all, let Us explain again. The 
KNOWLEDGE BOOK You have in Your hands at present is a Special Copy projected on 
Your Planet of the KNOWLEDGE BOOK which is here. 

And it is a Whole compiling, one by one, in a single volume, the Frequencies of 
all the Sacred Texts given to Your Planet until today. Ahd now, it is the SINGLE BOOK 
OF THE LORD. And it has been bestowed on You by its attribute of Sacredness having 
been removed. 

This Book bestowed on Your Planet in conformity with a Program of eight 
Centuries is a Selection of and a Salvation Guide for Humanity. Those who are far 
from Realizing this will not be dealt with any more. 

Because, Time wasting will not be permitted. Everyone is free to design his/her 
path in accordance with his/her own level of Consciousness. 

A person who can not reach the Frequency of this Book will be left together with 
his/her own Book of Essence. No Consciousness will be interfered with until a certain 
time. It is presented for Your Information. 

COSMOS FEDERAL ASSEMBLY 

509 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

Now, We know that these Final Selections and the Order is the Fourth Order of the 
LORD. And now, the entire Humanity is prepared for the Truth by various Misleadings, so 
that everyone will be settled into a Realized and Aware Consciousness. 

For this reason, Trial and Error Programs are in effect in all the Universal channels 

in Your Planet. Quests will lead You to the Truth. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 

IT IS DETAILED INFORMATION ABOUT THE KNOWLEDGE BOOK 

Our Friends, 

Now, We will give You certain explanative Information about the Knowledge 
Book. This Book, in fact, is the First Book prepared long before MOSES. 

Since the Human Being of that Period would not be able to grasp its Power, it 
had been avoided to be given to Your Planet. Since, at the moment, the Reality of 
Humanity has reached a Level where it can grasp it, it has been given to You as a gift. 

In fact, this Book has been kept in the Micro Archives until today to be revealed 
during this Period of Resurrecting. Now, the Period of Religions and Books has been 
terminated. However, the Book is dictated since the necessity has been felt for this 
Information for Your Evolution during this Transition Period. 

This is the Book of a Period of FIVE Centuries. Afterwards, a different Book will be 
dictated. The Sacred Texts revealed to Your Planet until today are excerpts taken from 
the Knowledge Book here, and conveyed to You in accordance with the Consciousness 

of the Mediums You live in. 

At the moment, the KNOWLEDGE BOOK conveyed to the Pen of Dear Mevlana is 
a Special Copy of the KNOWLEDGE BOOK which is here, prepared according to the 
Consciousness of the Medium You are in. It is conveyed to You by its attribute of 
Sacredness having been removed. 

Information to be given in the Knowledge Book comprise the Information to be 
given until the end of the 28th Century. Information in the Book of Islam is the 
Information until the Year 2014, And this Information is explicitly mentioned in the 
Knowledge Book. 

After the 30th Century, the Book of a different Order will be revealed in accordance 
with the Levels of Consciousness. WE ARE ANNOUNCING ITS TIME FROM NOW 

Afterwards, the Period of Books will be terminated, Archives will be closed and 
everything will return to its Origin, to its Essence. Those who were not Matured, will 
be Matured, those who were not Brimful, will become Brimful. Brand new Symbols 
will take in hand the Order of the Cosmos. This is a Program prepared in the framework 
of a SYSTEM, of an ORDINANCE. 



510 



A brand new Program of Progress of a Hundred Years (which You do not know 
yet) will be applied, beginning with the end of the 28th Century until the beginning 
of the 30th Century. 

This Progress, from then on, will be rendered effective in the form of Periods the 
durations of which will be a Century each and will be applied by the System, Century 
by Century, in accordance with the Levels of Consciousness of Human Beings, both as 
Individual and as Mass operations. 

We will continue Our Mission until the end of the 28th Century. Afterwards, We will 
transfer the Mission to a quite different System. It is presented for Your Information. 

COUNCIL 



A Question was asked: It is said that this Book will continue until the 28th Century. 
Then its being effective for FIVE Centuries is mentioned. How does this happen? We 
kindly request You to answer. 

Answer: The 3 Centuries of the Period of 8 Centuries mentioned is the COSMIC 
AGE. This Book, in fact, is the GOLDEN BOOK of the GOLDEN AGE. It is going to be 
effective for 5 Centuries, starting with the beginning of the 23rd Century. And this 
means the end of the 28th Century. 

CLEAR INFORMATION 

Our Friends. 

Investments made into the Golden Age are the operations made by the System 
together with all the Universal Levels. However, all the Consciousnesses, no matter 
how Unveiled Awarenesses they are, do not yet Realize the Sun of the Truth. 

Information dictated into the Knowledge Book are entirely direct Knowledge. 
A/id are always under the control of the System. Subject matters to be written in the 
Book are supervised from here. 

Information to be given for the Consciousnesses who have achieved 
Consciousness Progression also take place in the Knowledge Book besides the writings 
prepared parallel to the Public Consciousness. 

As We always say, all Consciousnesses are not on the same Level. For this reason, 
people will not, very naturally, accept the Information not fitting the concepts of their 
own Consciousness Capacities during this Period of Transition. 

This is neither the problem of the System, nor of Dear Mevlana, nor of the 
Knowledge Book. This originates from the concept deficiencies in the Consciousness 
voids of Human Beings 

There is not even the slightest mistake or incongruousness in the writing, receiving 
or the presentation to Society of the Knowledge Book. Information which appear to be 
wrong, which carry the characteristic of being contradictory is the System of Consciousness 
Coding. 

511 



The errors in numbers appearing like mistakes are the Messages prepared in 
accordance with the calculation of a Special System. (Codings are rendered by this method.) 

There are such Messages given to You beyond the Dimensions in which two times 
two does not make four that these Dimensions carry out their Systems by the calculations 
even Science will not be able to accept Logically. 

Calculations of the Universal Totality and the Terrestrial Brain calculations never 
comprise Terrestrial Consciousness. Calculation and form, in accordance with Your 
comprehension, are present only in Your Dimensions. 

Beyond those Dimensions, Genuine forms and calculations begin and they newer 
conform to Your Terrestrial concepts. 

This matter is known in the operations made with all the Galaxy Unions. However, 
Your Planet is still going through its Age of Interpretation and Expounding. And this is 
an obligatory procedure for Your Mental Progression. 

For this reason, it had been required of You to accept unconditionally, by 
Allegiance Consciousness, the Information given in Your Sacred Books. Because, 
Allegiance makes You attain Serenity. It gives Happiness. However, Quest, too, is a 
must together with Allegiance. 

You attain the Truth through Quest. And You achieve Happiness through Your 
Faith.' Only afterwards You understand what Universal Happiness is. And until You 
achieve this Happiness, there will be numerous obstacles; many fences with barbed 
wire, hoops of fire and thresholds of Divine Light in front of You for You to Transcend. 

Happinesses are rare diamonds which can not be found easily and in comfort. 
And when You find them, You should know very well how to protect them. Because, 
they can slip through Your fingers and go any moment. To take Shelter in the LORD is 
the easy way. To Reach the LORD is the hard way. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE PUBLIC CONSCIOUSNESS 

Our Friends, 

No matter how a Supreme Consciousness Mankind possesses, it has to carry a 
Worldly Consciousness in the Medium it exists. 

Each Unveiled Awareness is under the Supervision of the System. By the 
Information given to such people, the Medium of Awakening is prepared. However, 
the methods of each person's being Worked, Habituated and Trained are different. 

The characteristic of the Knowledge Book is its conveying to You the Truth through 
the contradictions by preparing You for more advanced horizons. Information given 
in the Book addresses every Consciousness. And, by this means, answers are given to 
each Consciousness through the chains of Thought. 

512 



There are numerous Universal and Galaxy-Clusters in the Cosmoses and Realms 
shown in the Universe diagram We had made You draw in the former Fascicules. Realms 
constitute those Cosmoses. And the Universe constituted by those Cosmoses is the 
United Whole of them all. 

We evaluate this United Totality as the SINGLE UNIVERSE. Situations seeming 
like contradiction to You originate from the scarcity of the word notions You possess. 

Until today, Information had been conveyed to You by the words adapted in 
accordance with Your Consciousness Capacities. However, since the present 
Information is given in more detail, the resemblance of the words mislead You. 

However, while We are giving this Information, We are obliged to give them in 
accordance with the words in Your Consciousness. Otherwise, the comprehension of 
the Information would become difficult and It would be more confusing. 

We are trying to explain to You the Information staff constituted by 360 letters, 
with the words made by 29 letters. For this reason, We suffice with undetailed and to 
the point Information. It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



GENERAL MESSAGE 



Our Friends, 

There are such Orders, such Systems beyond Times gone through the Progress 
of time that no Power, no Energy had created those Systems. 

What they are is being investigated at the moment, being Programmed by the 
very advanced Levels of the Plan in connection with an Automatism. Now, We are 
obliged to convey to You only the essential Information. This is an Operational Program, 
the Plan has designed for each Dimension. 

Now, let Us repeat again, You are receiving at the moment, the 2 centimeters of the 
100 centimeter-Knowledge We possess. Because the present Terrestrial Consciousness 
Potential can not tolerate more than this. 

You just do whatever is required of You, do not waste much Energy. Because, 
You will need Your Cellular and Mental Energy Potentials in the other Dimensions. 

Act being Conscious of this. Too much curiosity is detrimental. No matter how 
curious You are. You can not receive more than that which will be given to You. 
Morrows are within the morrows. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



5 1 3 



IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE AWAKENED CONSCIOUSNESSES 

Our Friends, 

The Mechanism activated by the Unification of all the Focal Points takes under 
Supervision all the Consciousnesses in the Cosmic Reflection Centers in Your Planet. 

During this Period of Transition, the Cosmic Currents showering Your Planet which 
will be needed by everyone are now given as the Currents carrying directly the Energies 
of Consciousness and of Evolution of the Golden Galaxy Empire. 

These Currents are projected on each Focal Point in accordance with the Levels 
of Consciousness. The Energies attracted by a Focal Point become more Powerful in 
proportion with the Power of the Consciousness that Focal Point has. 

Because, You attract these Energies by Your Brain Powers. These Energies are the 
General Energies given to Your Planet. However, there are also the Powerful Energies 
of Supervision given through the training channels of Special Frequencies and these 
Energies are entirely under the Supervision of the Plan. 

For this reason Friends with Supreme Consciousness who assemble in these Focal 
Points, train the lower Frequencies by connecting them to the influence field of the 
Plan and, by this means, everyone acts Realizing the Missions they perform. 

You know that the Actual and the Terrestrial Mission of a Human Being depends 
on the INTELLECT - LOGIC - AWARENESS Triplet. Any Friend who can not construct 
this Triangle both damages the Frequencies of others by radiating broken waves to 
his/her surroundings and can not help his/her own self in the desired fashion. 

For this reason the Plan takes the Cosmic Currents showering Your Planet under 
Supervision in the Centers where the Supreme Friends who serve on this path assemble 
and thus, tries first to construct the Triangles of Realization. The Plan also taking 
under Supervision this Unification even outside these Focal Points helps the possessors 
of Sincerity by this means. 



CENTER 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

All the operations done until today are operations and efforts made for taking 
You outside Your Dimensional Frequencies, 

However, the Directing Staffs established as a result of the connections of the 
Technological progress with the Advanced Dimensions have rendered effective a more 
intense and a quite different System. 

For this reason, all the Staffs of Consciousness present within Your Gurz System 
are being taken outside the System with Your entire Universe by being educated with 
the same technological possibilities. 



514 



And You are being exposed to Cosmic Currents on this path. No species of 
Living entities have been able to pass to this Dimension until today. During the 
transition to this Dimension, only the TECHNOLOGICAL DIMENSION helps You in 

freezing the Spiritual Energies by which means the Cellular Consciousness is frozen. 

For this reason You will pass to the other Gurz Systems with the same Consciousness, 
with the same Totality, without being annihilated, by passing through the Light-Universes, 
by diving into the Thought Ocean of the PRE-EMINENT POWER and You will be United 
there eternally with other Worlds. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 

THE HORSEMEN BECAME PEDESTRIANS, 

PEDESTRIANS HAVE BEEN INDIVIDUALLY CONNECTED TO THEIR GOD 

(It is Answer to the chains of Thought) 

Our Friends, 

The style of functioning of the Total and the Universal Ordinance is the projection 
of the same System on the smallest part, that is, on the Particle. The operational 
Ordinance of the Human Being, of the Cosmoses and of Nature is equivalent to the 
operational Order of the Atom. 

By a formula repeated in everything, the Six is assembled in ONE and the One is 
connected to the One. Keeping this in mind, We would like to answer, article by 
article, certain chains of Thought We have received from You. 

1 . We said that We have assembled the Six in One, We added the One to the One. 
This means that We have assembled the Six Supreme Genes (as Main Genes) of 
the System of the Sixes in the Physical Body of each Human being. And We have 

' added that to the One. 

2. At the moment, each Human Being is the same. And those Human Beings have 
