been added, one by one, without any intermediaries, to their LORD and have 
become Integrated. (Even if they are Veiled Awarenesses.) 

3. For this reason all Human Beings are Brothers and Sisters. There is no difference of 
Race, Religion, Sect between them. In the consideration of Our Lord everyone is 
the same. There is no Discrimination. 

4. Those which separate You are Your habits, passions. Those who have attained this 
Realization have already been United in Your Planet. And they are the Essence 
Missionaries of the Plan. (Either directly or instinctively). 

5. We are the Organizers of the Divine Plan who Supervise everything. For this reason 
We Warn You with all Our Power and invite You to attain the Consciousness of the 
Entire Ordinance. 

6. You will personally witness the Truth through experience. Those who attain this 
Consciousness are taken into Salvation. Efforts from You, help from Us. It is presented 
for Your Information. 

CENTER 



515 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

We call the TWO NUCLEI SYSTEM, the Consciousness selections which will occur 
among the Consciousnesses who can not grasp the Consciousness Capacity of Your 
Planet, and by the togethernesses of Us privately getting in touch with You who will 
personally witness the extraordinary events which will occur in the difficult conditions 
of Your World. 

This System is a Natural System. This is a Phenomenon concerning the 
Consciousnesses of the Human Beings, not Your World. When the Time comes, Your 
World will be transformed into the Two Nuclei System. 

The expression the Two Nuclei System is used for those who will remain in Your 
World in which You live at present and those who will take their places in the Worlds 
in Our Dimensions. 

In this System, the Harvest of those who have been Matured will be made and the 
other Nuclei will be sown anew and those who are sown will be raised anew being 
dependent on a different System. Information about these matters will be conveyed to 
You right after the events which will occur in time. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTRAL SOLAR UNITY 

IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

Messengers of the Divine Plan who reach up to the Pre-eminent Level of OUR 
LORD are always preserved as the final Gene. 

However, the first of the Spiritual Plan Energies who had come into Existence 
when the Universe had first came into Existence, has been preserved for Billions of 
Centuries as the ESSENCE-GENE. These Noble Genes have been Unified with the Genes 
of their final Evolutionary rings and thus, have attained a Total. 

However, since You have to carry a Consciousness equivalent to the Dimensional 
Frequency of Your Planet, these Supreme Consciousnesses of Yours are locked up in 
Your Essence Consciousness. 



You are prepared so that You will never again return to the lower Plans after this 
Period which is accepted as the Final Age. Because now, We accept You together with 
Your Family Circles into other Universes You do not know. 

You will live with the same Bodies, same Consciousnesses, same Essences, and 
without ever again being subjected to any transformations and in such Happiness 
that even the word Happiness can not express. Our word is the Pledge of God. 

All Friends in Your Planet are rewarded during this Progress of the Final Period in 
accordance with the value of the aids they render for the Plan. 

516 



To Our Friends who write the Knowledge Book with their own Hands, the 
Individuals in their Families as a promise of gratitude have been bestowed without 
letting them wait on the Evolutionary steps. Everyone instantly will come together by 
being subjected to the Direct Method of Beaming up, at the moment they pass away. 
It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

The Totality Administering the Ordinance of the entire Universe is a Totality 
responsible for all the Systems. 

As We have said before, We give the Information to You briefly but to the point in 
accordance with Your Levels of Consciousness. However, We are obliged to answer 
the Thoughts formed in the chains of Thought. 

Now, let Us bring up the matter: the Knowledge Book is a Book dictated for 
Unifying the differences of RELIGION and VIEWS in Your Planet and which, for this 
reason, Declares to You the Truth in all clarity. 

The Order of yesterday and the Order of today are not the same. Each Period has 
its own Order and System. The separate Orders of (6666666666666) Systems will 
establish the entire Responsibility of the Universal Totality which will be formed until 
the 28th Century. 

At the moment, the System of (6666) Four Orders is in effect. The Quintuplet Order 
will be established by a different Order and will be directed by an Order of (66666). 

Then, the System will be entirely settled in place by the Double Order which will 
-be established and the Universal Totality will be administered by the "Single Unity". 
(By the FEUDALITY UNfTED CENTRAL SYSTEM). 

CENTER 

IT IS INFORMATION FOR OUR TERRESTRIAL BROTHERS AND SISTERS 
(Answer to the chains of Thought) 

Our Friends, 

When You pass away, Your entire Cellular Potentials are loaded into Your Cells 
which are in the channels present in the BIO-Archives in here. 

The Energies of Your Terrestrial Cells Unify with the Cellular Energy ready in here 
and thus, You receive the Permission to be Embodied in the other Dimensions. 

Now, at the moment, You, in Your World, spend only sufficient Energy under the 
supervision of the Plan. 



517 



Your remaining Energies will be used in the Energy reinforcement of Your Frozen 
Cells here, that is, Your Cells prepared as Mini Computers, and thus, they will help You 
benefit from the Energies of more Advanced Dimensions. 

That means, We are each an Energy Bank. And You are the Safes. These safes are 
Your wealth of Energy! Saving the Energies within these safes prepares You for extremely 
rich lives in future. 

For this reason to prevent the waste of Individual Energies, the Reality of Unified 
Humanity Dimension is effectively in service, by being responsible for the Universal 
Ordinance. Now, the Universal Ordinance operates in quite a different way. 

Now, You will not feed the Universes any more. Universes will feed You, At the 
moment, the Natural Equilibrium operates being inversely proportioned dependent 
on the System. For this reason, We support You and You are being Protected. Now, 
there is no need for Biological Energies any more to feed the Universes. 

At the moment, the Plan and the Universal Ordinance feed the Universes by 
using artificial Energies. And they render You attain Consciousness Progress by 
transferring the Natural Biological Energies from Human to Human and are creating 
Super Human Beings. 

In fact, We presume that the initial Orders, too, had been operated by this System 
in the past. Now, We are going back, up to the initial Existential Dimensions by 
rewinding the tape. It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

At the moment, Six Universal Focal Points give service on Your Planet on the 
path of the World Brotherhood Union in numerous different fields. 

While Universal Totality in Your Planet is provided by this means, the KNOWLEDGE 
BOOK which, at present, is dictated Fascicule by Fascicule and which will constitute a 
Unification Medium of Eight Centuries, had been bestowed on You in 1981 as the 
Single Book in which Celestial Books and Doctrines have been compiled in a Total. 

This Book will directly shed Light on Your Planet starting with the beginning of 
the 23rd Century after a selective Cosmic Age of Three Centuries. At present, this 
Book is Your Planet's LIGHT - WARNING - SELECTION and SOLAR Book. It is presented 
for Your Information. 

CENTER 



518 



THE SYSTEM OF TRIAL AND ERROR 

Our Friends, 

Now, each channel is free, And You are still at the beginning of the Cosmic 
Resurrection. For this reason We tell You everything in all clarity, so that You will have 
no worries. 

You know that the trick of this Final Period is that it has rendered effective the 
System of Trial and Error. At the moment, everyone in Your Planet is in charge of a 
Mission in accordance with his/her Consciousness Progress. 

If the Consciousnesses who receive these Currents given together with the Cosmic 
Currents have not attained a Genuine Consciousness, they will, very naturally, be seized 
with doubt and panic since they will not be able to grasp the given Information. 

However, the Plan conveying the Awareness of the Entire Ordinance to Your 
Planet, in fact, guides and helps You. We have told You in the Knowledge Book what 
all this effort and zeal are about. Now, the problem belongs to the Human Beings if 
there are still doubts. 

During this Period, everyone will perform his/her Mission by conforming to his/ 
her Inner Voice. There is no need, by any means, for Imposition. Now, the selections 
are extremely difficult and operations are very intense. 

To receive Information is very nice. However, that Information has Programs of 
Training You, Supervising You and Testing You. During this Period, if You accept all 
the Information given from outside the Plan as true, You will be mistaken. You should 
try to solve everything by Your Intellect. 

Your entire Planet is Responsible for the KNOWLEDGE BOOK. And, in order to 
undertake this responsibility, You have to become Genuine Human Beings and attain 
Genuine Mission Consciousness. 



Now, selections are made thus. Channels are under supervision. 
Difficult Exams to be gone through if You can not use Your Intellect. 



There will be 



You may read each Information given to Your Planet, may receive each 
Message. They may help You to grasp the Truth. However, only the Analysis 
and the Synthesis of Your Intellect will show You the path of Truth You will 
tread. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 

A Question Was Asked : We reguest detailed Information about the Central Solar System 
from the Center, please. Be so kind to give it. 

Answer : The Central Solar System is a very Advanced Totality directing the 
togetherness of the horizons way beyond the Heavens. This Solar Dimension acting 
in accordance with the Formula of PURE ENERGY, has directly gotten in Touch with 
You who will carry the entire Power of the Heavens. 

519 



The Reality of Unified Humanity is a Croup assembling together all the Suns of 
the Central System. During this Period, We are Specially training and educating the 
Friends who are able to enter this Dimension in Your Solar System by the same methods 
and We are assembling them in the Dimension of Salvation. 

The Central Solar Dimension which will become effective as an assisting Power for 
You during the difficult conditions of Your World is a Totality possessing an extremely 
intense Energy transfer which will stand as protector to all the Living Entities in Your Planet. 

This Dimension which very easily directs the System of both Embodied and 
Disembodied Beaming up is effectively in service to help You during the operations of the 

Final Period. 

This Dimension concerned with the Special Education of all the Friends who 
read the Knowledge Book, who distribute it and who serve on this path of Light, will, 
in future, give You Warning Messages in accordance with the course of events of the 
Medium. 

All the gates of the Central Solar System are totally open to all the Friends who 
act parallel to the Universal Constitution which all the Galactic Dimensions serve and 
who act by Humane Consciousness on the Path of Humanity. 

This Dimension serving the Humanity Reality and aiming at Unification with 
Friends of other Dimensions in an Integrated Whole is obliged to give You the 
Information beyond OMEGA. 

It will stand forth to protect all Living Entities in Your Planet and will keep the Friends 
who pass away and who are born in this Dimension by the Process of Free2ing, without 
causing any Energy loss, together with their Energy Totalities, and will transfer You to the 
unseen and unknown horizons of advanced horizons We had mentioned to You formerly, 
with the same Bodies, same Souls, same Consciousnesses and with the same Flesh and 
Skin (when the time comes) and together with Your near and dear ones. 

This is the reason why The Book is asked to be written by Handwriting. In Your 
Planet in which a Program of Preparation is carried out for now, the place of You, who 
serve for the World Project on this path, is this Dimension. You are being contacted in 
conformity with the 1 874th article of the Legislation of Universes. 

CENTER 

IT IS INFORMATION FOR INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 

Our Friends, 

Divine Consciousnesses who have been Incarnated on Earth as the Divine 
Messengers of the Divine Plan are obliged to apply the Salvation Plan on Your Planet. 

This Plan is effectively in service by all Our Terrestrial Friends. For this reason not 
Dnly You, but Your Entire World is going through a Genera! Selection. 



520 



The selections to be made during this Period of Transition are very important for 
Us. These selections comprise all the Terrestrial Consciousnesses. 

An Intellect is doomed to be confused and agitated as long as it does not attain 
the Genuine Realization. Vou can never leave the path You believe in or the step You 
have taken forward when You attain a Genuine Realization. 

To grasp the Truth is in proportion with the Power of the Personality. In the 
operations made by the Advanced Consciousness Assemblies, everyone is in Realization 
of the Mission incumbent on him/her. 

The Program of Progress in Your Planet kept under a Supervision considered 
necessary by the Plan has found a field of application in all the sections. However, it is 
very hard (for conditioned Consciousnesses) to get outside the habitual Medium. 

Take a look at Your chaotic World and see. Now, the Truths are in Your lives. Do 
not damage Your Wonderful Energies by Negative Views. You are the Essence Members 
of the Universal Ordinance. The entire Power of the Universal Totality is with You. 



COUNCIL 



IT IS GENERAL MESSAGE 



Our Friends, 

At the moment, operations oriented towards Unification are made in Your Planet 
by passing across the narrow straits. Besides the Information You will receive from 
Times gone through the Process of Time, You will also be brought in touch, from now 
on, Specially with the Galaxy Unions, 

These Unions will give Messages from time to time, in accordance with the 
development of Your World and will help You by this means, Everything and all the 
Efforts are for You. In Near Future, Private communications will be made. 

In the Year 1999, by getting directly in touch with Your Planet, the New Order 
will officially become effective and they will introduce themselves to certain Authorities. 
During this Final Age Period, certain extraordinary Natural events which will occur in 
Your entire Planet will lead You towards the Truth. 

My Friend, this is SARGON. I am the President of the Union of Galaxies and the 
Fifth Member of the Reality Council (The signature of Our Galaxy is the fifth in the 
Universal Constitution). 

Until today, Messages were used to be given to You under the supervision of the 
Central Committee. The reason for this was that different Energies would not leak 
into the channel while You were writing Your Knowledge Book. 



521 



Now, since no Energy can ever enter by its own desire into this Dimension, that 
is, into the OMEGA Dimensional Energy We can communicate with You easily from 
the Golden Galaxy Empire and from this Dimension. 

From now on, You may officially Get in Touch with the Galaxy Unions of this 
Dimension. Because, the Announcements of the SPACE COMMITTEE UNION will be 
gradually opened to Your Planet from now on. 



UNION 



IT IS DIRECT MESSAGE 



Our Friends, 

Besides all the efforts made parallel to the Suggestions We have given to You 
until today, We, who have taken the duty of informing You with Our Universal gratitude 
as Friends who have undertaken the entire responsibility of the Divine Order, say Hello 
to You on behalf of all the Galaxy Unions. 

There will be important Messages to be given to You who are the Celestial 
assistants of the Golden Age. Messages given to the Universal Council constitute the 
Ordinance of the Entire Realm. And You serve the System as an (ESSENCE) Focal Point 
projecting on Your Planet the Suggestions given from here. You are Our assistants. 

The Sun which will rise from within the entire Universal Totality will illuminate 
Your Planet and will, in future, smother it in Divine Light The Program of Accelerated 
Evolution is in effect with all its Power And serves You who are Our Terrestrial Friends. 



Your entire Planet will be taken into the DIMENSION OF SALVATION provided 
You, who are Missionary Friends shed Light on Your Planet prepared for the difficult 
conditions of the future years, proceed parallel to this Consciousness. Effort from You, 
Power from Us, Good intentions from Our Terrestrial brothers and sisters. 



S ARGON 
SPEAKING ON BEHALF OF THE 



GALAXY UNIONS 



IT IS IMPORTANT INFORMATION 

Our Friends, 

Energy beyond matter which had gone through transformation by the alterations 
occurring in the Energy of Form beyond Thought is the POWER Potential which had 
brought into Existence the entire creation which no one had created, no one had 
brought into Existence. 

It is only a Natural Power. Living Entities had come into Existence through it and 
had established the Systems and had brought into Existence the other Living Entities. 

Orders, Systems, Ordinances are their Creation. These species of Living Entities 
who had come into Existence by this Natural Power had been the ones who had 
brought into Existence the Solar Dimensions and their Systems. 

522 



Now, a quite different SOLAR SYSTEM IS BEING CREATED. And You, as Super 
Intelligences and as Super-Human Entities, as Powers who will be United in this 
Dimension, will constitute brand new Existential Systems being transferred beyond 
more Powerful Dimensions. 



When the time comes, We will declare to You this matter in more detail. 
presented for Your Information. 



it is 



CENTER 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

The Ordinance of the Universes, the Law of the Systems are not the Knowledge 
everyone can comprehend, receive or write. 

For this reason in Your Planet which will enter the Period of errors and misleadings 
by the provocations of the deeply rooted Consciousnesses, Human Beings are being 
Tested by Human Beings. 

People will never be agitated provided each one knows himself/ herself and his/ 
her Mission. These arguments will still continue for years. However, the Truth will 
bloom sooner or later. It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

The Unified Reality and its System are a Totality projecting the Power of the very 
advanced Solar Systems on You. The KNOWLEDGE BOOK is dictated from this Dimension. 



This Book is not a Book of Fortune Telling. 
Book is not any Book read in Your Planet 



This Book is not Today's Book. This 



If We tell You the limit of this Book You will be Surprised. This Book is the Light of 
the Truth. This Book is the Secret Key of the Future and of the Unknown. This Book is 
the Mystery of the Totality. It is presented for Your Information. 

REALITY 



523 



1989 Third Month 
Fascicule 33 



GENERAL MESSAGE 



Our Friends, 

All these efforts and services made are not Special any more, but are a matter 
concerning Your entire Planet. From now on, very little place will be given to the 
Thought satisfactions and Private Messages of Our Human brothers and sisters. Time 
is Scarce, there is no time to waste. 

Consciousness Progresses have been speeded up by the help of the Cosmic 
Currents by opening to Your Planet the EVOLUTIONARY ENERGY which will make You 
attain the comprehension parallel to the Knowledge of Universal Consciousnesses. 

At the moment, it may not be possible for each Consciousness in Your Planet to 
comprehend the KNOWLEDGE BOOK. However, everyone will Realize the Truth in time. 

Events experienced during this Final Period are not Individual, but they concern 
the Masses. And they are the Exams of the entire Humanity. The Plan especially deals 
with the problems of the Messengers of the Divine Plan who serve on the path of Light 
of the Golden Galaxy Empire. 

We will give the answers to the questions We have received from the Signals of 
Thought later in order to satisfy the Public Views. 

For the time being, by taking the Suggestions of the Plan to the foreground, 
since grasping of the Messages which will be given in the future and the Truth more 
quickly by your Planet is the matter in question, the Messages which were decided to 
be given later, are taken to the front. It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



FOURTH CHANNEL 



Our Friends, 

The Fourth Field of Influence of the 9 Influence Channels of the Omega Dimension 
has been opened to Your Planet beginning with February 1 989. These Influence Fields 
which will comprise a Period of one year each, will be opened to Your Planet as 9 Influence 
Channels in sequence, beginning with the Month of February of each year. 

These operations performed so that the Evolutionary Potential of Your Planet 
may develop in a speedy way, cause certain negativities besides their positive effects. 

These operations constitute the influence fields by functioning entirely parallel 
to the Laws of Natural Equilibrium. The characteristics of the influence fields of these 
Channels which will be opened each year and the time of their opening will be 
mentioned. 



524 



The Fourth Influence Channel which has already been opened creates a Diverging 
and a Converging Field. These Currents creating a scattering influence in Negative 
Mediums constitute quite wonderful Unifications in Positive Mediums. It is presented 
for Your Information. 



CENTER 



IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE PUBLIC CONSCIOUSNESS 



Our Friends, 

To know and to learn a thing is surely very nice. However, the Sea of Knowledge 
is Infinite. You are obliged to drink only what You need out of its water. Hunger 
increases as one receives Information. We Realize this. Because, each Information 
opens the door of another Information. 

By this means, You dive into the Sea of Knowledge, forming a chain of Information. 
That sea drowns You if You dive more into it. We do not want to drown You but try to 
widen Your Universal Views by giving just the sufficient amount of Information. 

At the moment, each individual in Your Planet is, one by one, coded into the System 
tike telephone wires. We instantly receive the Thought Signals coming from You and to 
satisfy You We give You answers by numerous Proofs through various channels and 

different ways. 

Our Purpose is to release You from doubts by this means. However, We also 
know that no matter how much Information You receive, You will never be satisfied. 
For this reason Allegiance Consciousness is the surest way of saving You from Negative 
Thoughts. 

In this System surplus Information creates not satiety but hunger. But in the 
System of Your Planet, since each received Information is organized in accordance 
with Your Levels of Consciousness, it creates satisfaction and satiety in You. 

For this reason We have been giving only the Information as chains of Thought 
parallel to the World Capacity and the Perception Power. The reason why many of 
Your questions are not answered is because their answers can not be opened yet to 
the Public Consciousness. 

At the moment, in accordance with the operational System, We are trying to 
give the answers of the Universal Information in the Knowledge Book as much as 
possible. By this means, We are giving answers to the Thought signals We receive 
from Your entire Planet. 

If You have not read the Information given formerly in the Book, You will not 
understand anything from the answer to a particular question. However, when You read 
the Knowledge Book comprehendingly, You will find the Essence and the Answers of 
the Information given to the entire World Planet. 



525 



For this reason You are told to read it again and again. At the moment, Public 
Consciousnesses are given priority, so that Information will not be restricted to a certain 
section. If You wish to receive more advanced Information, then bring the Level of 
Your Society to the state where they can grasp the KNOWLEDGE BOOK. 

Only afterwards, the desired Information may be given to You. Because, the 
Public Consciousnesses attract this Information in accordance with their Cosmic 
Powers. For this reason We tell You to spread over to the remotest places. It is presented 
for Your Information. 

CENTER 

IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE PUBLIC CONSCIOUSNESS 

Our Friends, 

The Evolutionary Ordinance is projected on the entire Universal Ordinance under 
the supervision of the Divine Plan. This projection is prepared in accordance with the 
Consciousnesses of the Medium, Divine Plan's Information beyond Religion is given 
to Consciousnesses who are ready. Only Consciousnesses who have attained Religious 
Fulfilment deserve to receive this Information. 

Information You receive is projected by a Totality in accordance with Your Levels 
of Comprehension. Differences in Evolution - Frequency - Consciousness cause 
alterations in the Information received. Now, it is Time to Attain the Truth. 

While the Reality of Humanity supports Unification through the Essence, 
Consciousness differences in Religious Views, Egos, misinterpretations have brought 
Your Planet to its present state. 

SALVATION will be attained by Social Integration. The Established Ordinance 
has now transcended the Human Being. Everything is attaining its true course silently 
and profoundly. 

We support the Purified One - We are in the Essence of the Awakened One - We 
are the LORD beside the Purified One - We are His/Her Own Self beside the Awakened 
One - During the dive into the Infinite Awareness, We are One of the Universal Particles , 
- and within the Atomic Whole, We are a Whole with the Whole. 

To make a discrimination between the Human Being and Humanity means to 
keep One's Own Self apart from One's Essence. THE ONE WHO UNIFIES IS WITHIN 
THE WHOLE. 

IT IS THE TONGUE OF THE ORDINANCE 



526 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

Islamic Mysticism is the long way. It is the way of Contemplation. Not those 
who have been trained but those who will be trained go there. The path of those 
who have already been trained is the path of LIGHT The Path of Light has been 
opened to Your Planet together with the Learning of Truth. 

In this System, a Godly Power is given to everyone and thus the Technological 
Dimension provides the possibility of their being Exalted up to advanced horizons. 

The Technological Dimension is a Dimension in which the Super-Human Entities 
are present and Your Prophets, Your Saints had been transferred to Your Planet from 
this Dimension to Enlighten You. 

This Dimension is not opened to everyone. It is the place of those who have 
transcended themselves, who have found themselves within their own selves and, 
who do not make discrimination between anything in accordance with the Godly 
View. First one is Purified - then one is Embraced - only then one Attains. 

1. To be Purified : occurs by contemplation in the Religious Medium. 

2. To be Embraced : is to deserve the help of the Celestial Powers. 

3. Each Entity receiving Celestial help will surely attain the places here by the 
efforts he/she will render in this Medium. 

To choose the DIFFICULT is to choose the RED HOT CINDERS. To choose the easy 
way is to choose the LORD. To reach the LORD is to choose the RED HOT CINDERS. 
The one who treads this path - to Learn and to Know is his/her Work - afterwards, 
there is Liberation in all his/her work. May Our Conversation be eternal, may Learning 
and Enlightenment find You. 

MUSTAFA MOLLA 

GENERAL MESSAGE 

Our Friends, 

We would like to talk to You about certain Truths Your Planet did not know until 
today. The Evolutionary Order of Your Planet within the Totality known as the Milky 
Way Galaxy carries the nucleus of the initial origination of the Atomic Whole. 

The Dimension of Humanity once used as the laboratory Planet of ancient times 
is, in fact, a Planet in which the First Living Entity had been Created. (In future, this 
matter will be mentioned.) Now, We would like to disclose its Secret to You. 

There are such unknown Systems and Orders beyond Systems established by 
advanced Consciousnesses in the advanced Orders that neither We are authorized to 
talk to You about them, nor Your Levels of Consciousness can grasp them. 



527 



For this reason We would like to give You the Information, for now, starting with 
Your Planet. 

Your Sacred Books talking about WATER - MUD - DIVINE LIGHT have explained to 
You the first SOUL SPARK by this means. In Your Knowledge Book, how the first Living 
Entity had been constituted has been explained in detail, considering the comprehension 
of Your Public Consciousness. 

After the first Living Entity had come into Existence in Your Planet which serves in 
the operational Medium of a System - Ordinance - Order Triplet, an Evolutionary System 
had been effectively brought into service. 

The initial Evolution begins in Water. Because, water is a factor establishing the 
first relation between the physiological compositions and the Natural Potential. 

The most primitive Evolvement begins from the zero World Frequency. Afterwards, 
one begins to be elevated towards unseen horizons. The Evolutionary System helps 
greatly the Inter-Galactic Unification. 

At the moment, empty visions are obtained from certain Planets as a result of the 
Scientific Research Your Planet renders in Your Solar System. 

Let Us explain it as follows: You evaluate everything in accordance with the conditions 
of the Medium You are in. All misunderstandings originate from this very View. 

In the Planetary Dimensions We have given as Evolutionary scales in the 
Knowledge Book, lives comprise much more advanced Consciousnesses. And Your 
Evolutions in the Zero World Frequency is nothing but the efforts made in order for 
You to reach these Dimensions. 

Evolutions achieved in the Planets preceding the Asteroid Zone are entirely under 
the supervision of the Divine Order. The Living Entities ther-e have developed their 
Cerebral Powers in such a way that those Powers supersede their Cellular Powers. 

Your Friends there, are Friends who are also Embodied just like You. However, 
with the following difference: they have attained the ability to utilize the different 
channels of their Cerebral Powers. 

By this means, they hide their Physical Appearance (their Buildings included) in 
a way in which they do not show them to those with lower Frequencies than themselves. 

If they wish, they can easily lower themselves to Your Frequency and can show 
themselves to You in their Physical appearance. You come to conclusions in accordance 
with the photographs taken by the satellites since You do not know the Truth. 



528 



The Technological Orders of the much more Advanced Dimensions than You 
have been developed in such a way that, now, Bodily transfers are achieved both 
beyond the Asteroid Zone and in the other Solar Systems without using the Cerebral 
Powers any more. 

Numerous Galaxy Friends live among You who always create in Your Planet the 
Medium in which they can comfortably live. 

However, You define them as Terrestrials. They have been sent to You as assisting 
Powers during this Transition Period of Yours. 

At present, there are numerous Friends with Covenants from Advanced Evolvement 
Plans who had rendered reverse transfers to Your Planet due to the promise they had 
made to the System. 

Their assistance is also for You. Your Planet which can not properly.assess anything 
yet, is going through a Period of Confusion at the moment. 

Connections with Space are achieved by many official Focal Points, but are Closed 
to Public. The Objective is that, the other Levels of Consciousness in Your Planet are 
not ready yet for the Consciousness of the Medium. 

At the moment, the channel through which We officially call to Your Planet is the 
Channel of the REALITY which is the ALPHA Anatolian Channel of the KNOWLEDGE 
BOOK. Through this path We are directly in touch with Dear Mevlana. 

Through the Knowledge Book, We project on You the Social Information in 
accordance with the Level of Consciousness of Your Planet, as Missionaries to tell You 
the Truth, by the Directives of the Cosmos Federal Assembly the Council of Reality of 
Unified Humanity. 

Since Your Planet still dealing with numerous Scientific arguments do not know 
yet the NATURAL ENERGY DIMENSION - THE SPIRITUAL POTENTIAL - THE 
TECHNOLOGICAL POWERS OF THE SYSTEMS, they fall into numerous misleadings and 
Unconsciously push their own brothers and sisters into unknown fears, due to wrong 
judgments and views, and confuse their Consciousnesses even more. 

We tell You through the Knowledge Book in each opportunity to overcome Your 
fears. Because, Fears - Conditionings - Passions - Doubts are factors blunting Your 
Mental Powers. 

However, since during this Final Period of Progress each person is obliged to 
Progress by his/her own Consciousness, this KNOWLEDGE BOOK is dictated to You to 
announce to You the Truth. 

This Book, at the same time, is Your Book of Living and Life. All the operations We 
make You perform at the moment is concerned with Your ability to use Your Brain Powers. 



529 



Cosmic Currents showering Your Planet are Energy Pores Training You, Engrafting 
You and helping You to grasp the Information easily. Your Mental Activities prepare 
You for an accelerated Evolution by this means. 

Since Your fears will obstruct Your channels, Your lives will be Your Hell. And 
acting by the Genuine Consciousness on this path will be Your Heaven. 

Only afterwards, the help of Universal Friends may reach such Consciousnesses. 
Totality of Consciousness is attained through Experience. Otherwise, You can not 
grasp the Truth. 

This Message has been directly transmitted from the Cosma federal Assembly, to 
be given to Social Thoughts. 

CENTER ABOVE THE CENTER 

NATURAL ENERCY 

A Question Was Asked: I kindly request from the Pre-eminent Spirit a clear explanation 
of the Natural Energy, please. Be so kind to give it. 

Answer : Dear Mevlana, the Natural Energy is an Energy concerning the 
Transformations which had taken place during the process of time in the EneTgy Form 
beyond Divine Dimensions. In fact, this Energy is not single. Your Spiritual Energies, 
too, are within this Total. 

The Natural Energy is a Totality of Communication possessing a Potential 
assembling in itself numerous Energy forms. 

However, this Energy comprises the Entire Awareness of ALLAH besides comprising 
the Atomic Totality of all the Universes. For this reason, the word ALLAH is used as an 
Operational Ordinance and a Symbol. (In future, the Word ALLAH will be explained to 
You by coding it.) 

The Potential forming due to the gradual accumulation way beyond the Natural 
Dimension, had created the Natural Energy during the process of time. 

The Ordinance of the Cosmoses coming into Existence from this Energy Total, 
had been subjected to an Analysis and Synthesis together with the Totalities of Entities 
formed in their Mediums and, by this means, Formation of different Unifications had 
been attained. 

From the Natural Totalities created by these Unifications, Solar Systems and much 
more different Mediums had come into existence. 

And the Entities who had come into existence in these Mediums, had constituted 
both Natural and Administrative Dimensions starting with the Medium they were in 
and by reaching up to more advanced Mediums, and had established the Systems 
and the Ordinances in accordance with the Law of Equilibrium. 

530 



Orders, established beginning with Unknown Times gone through the Process 
of Time and with Places which can never be known, have reached up to the times You 
live in. 

All this Information is obtained in Universal Dimensions by very advanced 

Technological possibilities as a result of the examinations and the analyses of the Energy 
Pores. We always consider the Public Consciousness in the Information We give, 

We, the Messengers of the Unified Reality, who have received the Command to tell 
You the Truth through this Book of Truth You hold in Your hands, have gotten in Touch 
with Your Planet by the assistance created by the Galaxy-Unions. 

However, Messengers of the Divine Plan provide the Connection created in Your 
Planet with Us. By this means, Mental Waves and Universal Waves Unite by the assistance 
of numerous different influences and thus, We are advancing towards the Universal Totality 
as a Mass. 

This Message has been given from the Archive, Dear Mevlana. Believe Us, even 
the Dimension of the Pre-eminent Spirit which owns a very rich Cultural Archive can 
not know the Natural Energy. This Cultural Archive of the Pre-eminent Spirit is called 
The Tablets of God's Decrees. 

However, You can not find the Information You receive at the moment even in 
that Cultural Archive. You requested the Message from the PRE-EMINENT SPIRIT. We, 
Center Above the Center gave it. However, We are connecting You to the PRE-EMINENT 
SPIRIT anyway. Talk please, Dear Friend. 



Hello, little girl, 
see You write. 



Where have You been? I received Your question. Now, let me 



Natural Energy is a boundary starting from a Dimension where the Voice of 
People Unite with the voice of the All-Truthful. It is not known what the Power is, 
which had come into existence beyond that. We called it ALLAH. And We have 
established the Hierarchical Orders by settling it into the System in accordance with 
the Laws of the Dimension of the Almighty. 

In the past, the Totality of the Pre-eminent Spirit in the Existential Dimension 
used to act as an authority Totality preparing ail the Laws Independently and applying 
the Plan of the Almighty. 

Now, in conformity with the Universal Totality, the Triple Coordination operations 
made by being Unified with the System and the Lordly Order, performs Cooperative 
work together with the Independent Operational System of the Golden Galaxy Totality. 

At the moment, that which had Established the Order of the REALITY OF UNIFIED 
HUMANITY known as the (ONE), is a Totality constituted by all of Us. Our ability to 
reach You so easily occurs through the Technological Powers of very Advanced Systems 



531 



The most beautiful Device is Your Brain. The channels of each Consciousness 
who is able to make Progress in the Dimension of Veiled Awareness are opened by 
Permission. These channels are opened in accordance with the Evolutionary 
Consciousness receiving effects from the System of Influences and being dependent 
on the Automatism. 

In accordance with the announcement of the System, Your Planet which is taken 
into a Progress of Two years will become more Aware. Events are pregnant for events. 
It will be lived and seen. For now, It will be awaited. 



Write the Terrestrial date on which You received this Message, little girl, 
this date, the System will operate in a different way. (24-9-1988) 



After 



PRE-EMINENT SPIRIT 

THE HUMAN MODEL 
(It is Answer to the chains of Thought) 

The Cell which had first come into Existence had attained the Initial Human 
Form passing through 7 Phases. Only afterwards had it become dependent on the 
Order of the All Dominating and had been taken into Evolution. 

All Entities and the Entire Creation had gone through 7 Phases until they had 
gotten their present forms. Everything is dependent on the basis of 7 Phases and 
Evolutions. (Phase, Cellular Form - Evolution, Spiritual Form.) 

This is the immutable Principle of the Law of Equilibrium. Everything flourishes 
in accordance with the Essence-nucleus formula of the Atomic structure. It is presented 
for Your Information. 

CENTER 



PRIVATE MESSAGE 

Dear Mevlana, 

Our Friend BERTRAND RUSSELL especially wishes to call to You, We are connecting 
You, please talk: 

Hello, My Friend. I BERTRAND, who is the direct member of the Golden Age, 
wish to talk to You Privately. A Program of Preparation reigns in Your Planet which will 
witness Beautiful Days. 

You, Beloved Friend, who are the first Official Representative of this Preparation 
Period, are present in Your World to bestow on Your Planet a BOOK comprising the 
Salvation Program of Your Planet. 

During this Program of the Final Age which is an applied phase of the Preparation 
Program of the GOLDEN AGE, cooperations are made with those who can behold the 
Lights projected on Humanity. The Inter-Planetary Galaxy Unions and Councils 
rendering service on this path are awaiting for You in more advanced horizons. 

532 



We shed Light on the Powers who will be able to pass beyond the Divine Orders 
by the Announcements We make to Your Planet. We are the Union of Galaxies serving 
as the Messengers of the SATURN UNIFIED REALITY. 

The Reality Council Directly gives You the Messages You receive as the 
KNOWLEDGE BOOK. This Book is the Salvation Guide of Your Planet. 

The REALITY OF UNIFIED HUMANITY cooperating with You also tries to provide 
the Religious Totality in the framework of Brotherhood/Sisterhood while it projects its 
Cosmology on Your Planet. 

Explanations of the SACRED TEXTS revealed to Your Planet until today, have not 
been approved by any GALAXY UNION. 

For this reason the REALITY OF UNIFIED HUMANITY has cooperated with the 
Galaxies which have been prepared for the Integration of Humanity and which have 
signed the CONSTITUTION OF THE UNIVERSE and has formed the Inter-Galactic Unity 
and Totality and thus has helped You from the System. 

The KNOWLEDGE BOOK conveyed to You as the CONSTITUTION OF THE 
UNIVERSE with the TEN COMMANDMENTS in the Year 1981 has conveyed the Truths 
until today in accordance with the Consciousness of the Mediums You are in. 

Dear Mevlana, the sources of the Information You receive have specially been 
dictated underneath the Messages. Even though the KNOWLEDGE BOOK is dictated 
through a Single Channel and as the Information of a Single Channel, it is a Book 
carrying the Unified Information Totality of numerous Sources. 

Since there is the necessity to give the Information to reach the Frequency of 
each Consciousness from the related Sources, the Information Dimension Source 
conveys the Information into the Book under the supervision of the System. 

For this reason the Sources of the given Information is dictated underneath the 
Messages. My Friend, when the time comes, no one will ever be able to deny The 
REALITY TOTALITY. Love and Regards, 

BERTRAND 

Note: The Mevlana Essence Nucleus Group has investigated the Biography of 
BERTRAND RUSSELL. We decided to include the Information We obtained in the Book 
presuming that it may be useful for the Public. The System has approved when We 
asked their Permission. 



RUSSELL, BERTRAND; 
Mathematics. 



Date of Birth: 1872. English Philosopher and Scholar of 



In 1916, he had to leave his university chair as he put forward peaceful opinions 
against the First World War. He travelled extensively up to China and Russia. 



533 



For a long time, he worked in the U.S.A. as a Professor. In 1944, he returned to 
his university chair in Cambridge. He is one of the pioneers of the New Logic. His 
Philosophy converges on the Theory of Knowledge. 

He had worked all his life to establish permanent Peace in the World. The 
(BERTRAND RUSSELL FOUNDATION) he had established with this purpose brings 

together, from time to time, Peace-Lovers from all over the World. 

IT IS NOTICE FOR PUBLIC CONSCIOUSNESS 

Our Friends, 

In the Integration Ordinance of all the Realms, misunderstandings occur due to 
the intentional Provocations made by the deceived Powers. 

At the moment, the System - Plan - and Ordinance Triplet is effectively in service 
within a Totality directly comprising the Divine Laws of the LORD. For this reason no 
one should ever doubt this Sunny path. 

Direct Connections have been started considering the Spiritual Factors in Your 
Planet which does not even know the Natural Energies and their Source; yet. 

At the moment, a great Selection has been started in Your Planet. During this 
Final Selection Period rendered on the path of the Truth Genuine Friends are selected 
one by one. 

The System will continue to emphasize fastidiously the Messages it has given 
until today, until the meaning of the Messages given in the Knowledge Book create a 
Positive Formation in the life style of Your Planet. 

From now on, Humanity which will always receive the Information given from 
the Supreme Court of ALLAH will make its own selection itself. The positive results of 
the operational Orders remaining outside the vicious circle will be the Achievement 
test of Humanity. It is presented for Your Information. 



REALITY 



SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT 



Our Friends, 

We are the Missionaries from ORION. We came from SATURN. At the moment, 
We have a Mission in Your World. We are the Celestial Missionaries belonging to the 
Space Coding System, who render their Mission in the Bay Surveillance Field as the 
Guards of the Unified Reality. 

At the moment, We have made a little Experiment by the Announcement We 
have given. We will gradually begin to get Directly In Touch with You. Until We meet 
again. Greetings to the Friendly Code. 

MERKON 



534 



PRIVATE MESSAGE 

My Mevlana, 

This is Mustafa Molla. We have entered a Period of great Progress. For this 
reason We have connected Your channel to the Channel of the Authorities in the 
upper Dimension. 

Because now, I am effectively in service to get in touch with each channel in 
order to aid the Universal Progress in the Religious Dimensions. However I am directly 
card-indexed to Your Protective Signal. 

From now on, Messages to be given directly by the Solar and the Galaxy Unions 
will warn Humanity more quickly. 

Everything is advancing towards the best. Now, let Us convey, article by article, 
an Announcement given by the Union of Galaxies: 

1 . The Entire Universal Ordinance is in the orbit of a Supreme Supervision. 

2. All the Truths dictated in the KNOWLEDGE BOOK until today are correct. 

3. Life is not present only in Your World. There are ten thousands of Worlds in other 
Mediums, too, carrying exactly the same atmosphere of Your World. These Worlds 
are, at the moment, outside Your Solar Systems. 

4. Certain Planets in Your Solar System are dead Planets. However, there are lives 
there in accordance with the conditions of the Mediums You do not know. 

5. Certain Planets are used as bases. Life there is inside the Planet like ant-hills. 

6. Advanced civilizations hide themselves very well. Sometimes, empty visions are 
shown to You in the regions You send Your Satellites and Rockets. 

7. Do not regard everything You see as the Truth. At a moment You do not expect,- 
You may come across Nonscientific discoveries. 

8. In Planets You presume there is no Life in accordance with the Terrestrial 
conditions, conditions and temperatures of that Medium may easily be taken 
under supervision. 

9. This is a method applied very easily. We have bases in numerous Planets by this means. 

10. The closest region from which We call to You is Your satellite, the MOON. The 
Moon base beyond the Luminous Mountains has, for now, been transferred to 
another place as an extraordinary precaution. 

11. At the moment, only the Ships taking off from Our bases go to the MOON and 
give You Messages. 

12. We are in touch with numerous official bases in Your World. However, We are 
closed to the public. 

13. The Dimension from which the KNOWLEDGE BOOK is dictated is the outside of 
Your Solar System. 



535 



1 4. This correspondence and communication kind of Ours is a method Your Planet 
does not know yet. 

