the Warless - Flowery and Happy Worlds and thus has awaited Humanity's Period of 
becoming Conscious. 

And now, by the Command of OUR ALLAH, Our Hands have been extended 
towards You. This Order is the LORD'S Fourth and the Final Order. From now on, 
SINGLE ALLAH - SINGLE ORDER - SINGLE PATH will be conveyed to more advanced 
Systems by the same Order. It is presented for Your Information. 

REALITY CENTRAL 
TOTALITY 



Note: Our Friend, 

We give the Information We will convey by arranging it in accordance with the 
assessments of Time and Consciousness (In fact, this is a waste of time). However, 
there is no objection for You to write in the Book, the Information which will be 
Beneficial for Society in advance. You know that We always leave the initiative to You. 
Love and Regards. 

694 



PRIVATE MESSAGE 

Dear Mevlana, 

Unity and Totality is the desire of the entire Universe. However, this Totality is a 
Mass Unification which the Mediamic Medium is already forming in Your Planet. 

Unification does not occur according to the Assessments of Consciousness. It is 
in the Realization. of the Actual Conditions. If there is no coherence in the Operational 
Ordinances, Individual Unification Efforts are in vain and irrelevant. 

There is a beautiful coherence on the path of the Knowledge Book. Universes 
are grateful to All the Groups in Your Planet. However, they are thankful to You and to 
Your Children, Dear Mevlana. 

Supreme Hearts who come from the Land of the Capable Ones carry the burden 
of years. During these Final days in which Power is added to the Power of years, a 
Period is being gone through in which everyone is affected by negativities. 

For this reason extraordinary events occur in Your Planet. We are Always Together 
with You who are the Suns of the Sunny Days. All the problems are being attended to. 

Do not let Negativities tire and worry You, Dear Mevlana. Time in which one 
awaits Tranquilly will always be the Time in which everything will be Ready. May Suns 
Rise in Your Heart - May Your Spirit be always filled with Serenity - May Your Self 
Confidence be Everlasting. Remain in Good Health , I entrust You to MY LORD. 
Propagate (O)'s Enlightenment to the entire Universe. 



MUSTAFA MOLLA 



GENERAL MESSAGE 



Our Friends, 

Very nice Unifications will be brought to Your Planet from the Unified Reality 
Totality after the acceptance of the Fourth Order of OUR ALLAH by the entire Universal 
Potential Totality. Universal Totalities way beyond Divine Dimensions have now been 
opened to You. 

For this reason Universal efforts and operations to be made together with 
Consciousnesses who have grasped the Truth will provide the reception of Your entire 
Planet into the Dimension of Salvation. We offer You through this Knowledge Book 
the Keys of the Gates to be opened for You beyond Intercession. Our Aids are for You, 
for Essences and for Universes. 

SYSTEM 



695 



PRIVATE MESSAGE 

Dear Mevlana, 

During this Period in which Declarations are Prepared, We render effective 
assisting Friends so that You can work in peace in Your Universal Mission. Each Step 
You take is a Step from the System. However now, We wish to start Direct Salutations. 
And We are reinforcing Your Dimensional Frequencies with Our Dimensional Energies. 

By this means, much easier connections will occur. There are Special Friends 

watching every action of Yours. For this reason You never go alone to the places You 
will go. At the moment You are at the Eve of a very Positive Mission. In future years 
We will Get in Touch with the Public too. This Message has been given by the 
permission of the Center. 



SATURN CONSULATE SHIP 



PRIVATE MESSAGE 



Dear Mevlana, 

By the opening of the Final Gate of the Divine Plan, a channel connection is 
being made from Your Planet to say Hello to the First Friendly Ciirz. There is nothing 
to worry about. An Energy transfer is made by the Method of Gradual Engraftment. 

(Tingling, numbness, an extremely high Energy current and too much palpitation 
have been felt in the entire body, including the Brain). 

You can easily attract the Power of the entire Current, Dear Mevlana, since You 
are at a very advanced level of Consciousness. For this very reason We have taken You 
into a Protective Energy Panel. To Your Planet to which new Energy transfer is made 
only just now, Powerful Messages will be given in future from this Dimension at the 
peak of extremely Powerful Currents. 

You, Our Beloved Friend, will give these Messages only in the Knowledge Book. 
Now, let Us transmit one of these Messages: We, as the Essence Messengers of the 
System, as the Missionary Staff of the First Dimension, wish to give a Message to You 
by the help of the Administrative Staff of the First Gurz. 

Since Our GOrz is in a very similar position and location to Your Natural Gurz, its 
Life Level too is, more or less, like Your Life Scales. 

However, a Caseous Cloud which We can compare to Your Oxygen has been 
rendered effective as a precaution as a result of Scientific Research, and it collects the 
entire Negativity of the air and prevents the negativity within the Physical makeups of 
Life Levels here. 

We have no problems of Environmental Pollution. Because, all these have been 
completely solved Scientifically. The color of Our seas (as You say) is Milky Blue. The 
lives befitting their own Life conditions of the living Entities living within these seas 
have been divided into Plots of Sea Fields. 



696 



And it is endeavored to attain a more perfect Stock during the usual check-ups of 
these Living species. These are only Underwater Research and operational Programs. 
Apart from this, We may convey the Information concerning Our Atmosphere and the 
Constitution of the Gurz in Our various Messages We will give later. 

Dear Mevlana, the reason why this Message is being given now is for You to become 
Habituated to these Dimensional Energies. This is the reason why the System of Graduation 
has been annulled in Your Natural Gurz (for those who have attained a Certain 
Dimensional Consciousness). 

Consciousness Energies who were able to attain the Awareness of the Ordinance 
nave been directly connected to the First Dimension Energy Channels of the first Curz. 
However, this Channel is closed to other channels (excluding the Channel of the 
Knowledge Book). The OMEGA (6) Energy Currents will give the Energies of this 
Dimension to Your Planet in Year 1991. 

However now, We will load the Frequencies of this Dimension only and only 
onto the Frequency of the Knowledge Book. And, at the moment, no other channel 
apart from the Channel of the Knowledge Book can receive Information from this 
Dimension. This is the reason why the Mechanism of Supervision has been closed to 
Your Planet for One Year. It is presented for Your Information. 

COMMON COMMITTEE UNION 



«#- 



GARDENERS - JEWELLERS - PEARLS 



Our Friends, 

Gardeners are those who Sow Seeds. Jewellers are the ones who make the 
Harvest. At the End of each Cycle, Mussels which have been formed in the Ocean 
open and bestow their Pearls onto that Ocean. Those Pearls are collected by the 
Jewellers and are processed as very select Jewels. 

Later, those Pearls are bestowed onto the Totality You do not know yet. However, 
that Totality, too, bestows those select Pearls, one by one, onto Those It Loves. And 
those Pearls remain from then on, with those Loved ones. 

Let Us disclose this Metaphorical comparison a little more. The Loved Ones are 
Gurz Totalities that Total wishes to see in the Total. A Pearl is bestowed on each Gurz 
like this. And that Pearl, too, induces other Mussels to spin Pearls. 

However, that Pearl performs this Mission without ever giving anything from 
itself from then on. Because now, it has attained its Everlasting Envelope. This Message 
has been given as an exemplification to certain Thoughts. It is presented for Your 

Information. 

CENTER 



697 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

The operational Order of each System is not immutable and interminable. In 
operational Mediums of Orders established in accordance with time measures, 
alterations are always made. In the operations of each System, there is a Final Boundary. 

For example, the Final Boundary of the Systems where the Lordly Order of the Systems 
within the Orders of Your Atomic Whole is valid, is the Boundary of the All Dominating. 

The Mission and the Final Boundary of the System of RAPHAEL is the Unified 
Reality Operational Order. 

The Mission and the Final Boundary of the System of AZRAEL is up to Your Planet. 

The Mission of the System of GABRIEL is valid in all Systems. 

The Mission of the System of MICHAEL is in cooperation with GABRIEL. And it is outside 
the Atomic Whole. 

It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

When the time comes for You to leave the World, You prepare a Medium of 
Preparation for Death, Then, the rest of the Medium is directed by the System. You 
are either sent, or returned. This depends on Your Law of Karma. 

During Your Last moment, the moment You ring the Signal Bell of Death which 
is in Your Brain Signal, the System comes into effect. If that moment is equivalent to 
Your Law of Karma, then Gradual Beaming up is applied. 

Or, if there are still Missions You will perform, or if Your near and dear ones still need 
You, then the Procedure of Postponement is rendered effective. This alteration of the Plan 
of Destiny is carried out entirely by the Aids of the Plan. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 

IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

Messages dictated into the Knowledge Book are Information prepared in 
accordance with the Public Consciousness of Your Planet. Details are especially not 
given in this Information and, by this means, the Knowledge - Perception and Essence 
Totality of those who Read them are Coded, 

The actual Purpose of this Book is to attain the Realization of the Missions 
performed and to convey the Truth. However, answers are also given to the Chains of 
Thought for Your satisfaction. 



698 



The Problem of the Test-Tube Baby mentioned in former Messages is not an 
operation pertaining to Your Terrestrial Laboratory Work. We have felt the need to 
express the Term Test-Tube Baby here, in this way in accordance with Your Levels of 

Comprehension. 

The (ESSENCE-SEED) of JESUS CHRIST is not a Normal FETUS sown into the Uterus 
of the Mother. It is an Energy Totality Specially prepared and this Energy had received 
Engraftment from the Energy of GABRIEL. 

Messages given to JESUS CHRIST were Direct Channel Declarations. And He had 
dictated them, one by one, to all His Apostles. Only later, these declarations were 
brought together and the NEW TESTAMENT was created. 

After the Ascension of CHRIST, this Single New Testament was written anew by 
the 1 2 Apostles (However, this is Secret). Afterwards, various New Testaments were 
written again and again, rendering the same subject matters effective. It is presented 
for Your Information. 



CENTER 



GENERAL MESSAGE 



Our Friends, 

There is the necessity, in accordance with the Agreements and TESTAMENTS made 
with You here, to make Energy transfers from ail the Mediums from which You receive 
Data. Because, if You can not receive these Energies, You can never benefit, as desired, 
from the Sources of the given Information. This is a Universal Rule. 

All Frequencies of all Information Sources given to Your Planet through the 
Knowledge Book have been opened to Your Planet. This is the very reason why the 
Brain Energies to which these Frequencies reach, can receive the Information only and 
only from the Energy Dimensions to which they can reach. By this means, numerous 
Consciousnesses always remain veiled for the Advanced Information. 

The Natural Characteristic of Your Planet is its acceptance of the latest given 
Information as if they were the Final Information. Only those who can Transcend this 
Limit Deserve to receive more Advanced Information. At the moment, in this Total 
with the World appearance on which You live, there are Friends who possess very 
Advanced Consciousnesses who had Transcended this Awareness and who had come 
from Dimensions Your Planet does not know yet, and whose doors are open to all 
Information, 

This is the very reason why Cosmic Currents given by the Mechanism of Influences 
reach Your Planet as much as the Power each Consciousness can attract. Because, in 
order to be able to attract these Influence Currents, there is the need for an Evolutionary 
and Revolutionary Thought Potential. 



699 



Otherwise, Your Planet would remain where it was. This is the very reason why, 
World is a Landing and Passing away Caravanserai. A Brain Power who can open the 
latest Cosmic Channel, Automatically renders effective an Evolutionary Potential open 
to Information beyond that Channel. This is the very reason why it is said You will 
always discover a Closed Door behind each Door You open. 



+ + 

* + x 



SYSTEM 



REPRESENTATIVE DIAGRAM 



-The Human Potential o f all iKe 

M in i Atom ic Wholes 
_ M in i Atom ic Wholes w ith in all the G flr/.es. 

Their Supervisor is the P re-em ineni Pow er. 

A II the Gllr/.es within the Thought 
= Ocean of the I're-em inent Power, 

Thought Ocean of [he P re-em ineni Power. 
= Us Supervisor is the ALMIGHTY. 
Main Alom ic Whole. 

Big Atomic Whole, the Reflecting 
= Centre of the Dimension of ALLAH. 
Ocean of Consciousness. 

_ GiirzofGods, DIMENSION OF ALLAH, 
its Supervisor ts A LLAH ,(0' ) 

_ DIMENSION OFTHEALL-TRUTHFUL. 
Its Supervisor is the ALL-TRUTHFUL. 




The limit of the Final Dimension of Your Natural Curz which will be opened 
according to the Law of the 1 8 Systems is up to here. Only to the Consciousnesses 
who were able to reach up here, the Secrets of the Dimensions of Truth (Hakikat in 
Turkish) are unveiled. 

This is the very reason why the Knowledge Book unveils for You all the Secrets 
(This is a matter of Permission). The Key of Opened Doors is in the hand of the person 
who opens that Door. We never force the Doors and take away the Keys from their 
hands. The Final Word always belongs to the person who opens the Last Door. 

Now, please, write one by one, the word HAKIKAT (TRUTH) and divide it into three: 

(HAK)-(i)-(KAT) = The All-Truthful is the LEVEL of the Human Being. 

(HAK) means Justice, Truth, Right, the All-Truthful in Turkish - (I) fNSAN which means 

Human Being in Turkish - (KAT) means Level in Turkish. 

This is the reason why it is said that THE VOICE OF THE ALL-TRUTHFUL IS THE VOICE OF 
THE PEOPLE. 

Note: the Human Being here is a Prototype Human Being. Do not confuse it 
with the Human Beings in Your Planet. Now, You are making the Evolution of Centuries 
in order to attain this Humanity Consciousness. 

REALITY 

700 






DO NOT MAKE INDIVIDUAL AND PRIVATE OPERATIONAL SEANCES 

{This Is a Warning) 

Our Friends, 

As Channels open and as Frequencies rise, Mediums of Curiosity and Quest will 
also increase. For this reason the necessity has been felt to give this Message to You as 
a Warning. From now on, only the Person in question is responsible for events which 
will take place. 

The interference of the System with such events is irrelevant. It is beneficial for You 
to know this. The person who falls into the well will save himself/ herself by his/her own 
effort. A Message will be given about this matter. It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION 



Our Friends, 

There are more than billions of Different Pores existing outside the Dimensions 
of Universes lacking the Quality of a Body yet, and which do not possess Energy Forms. 
These Pores are Degenerative Factors outside Cosmic Dimensions which can not enter 
the Ring of Breath. 

The System can never render them effective. Because, the System is together with 
the Integrated Energies in the Spiritual Dimension. And it is always in touch with them. 

Certain Dissatisfied Energies in this Final Transition Dimension of Your Planet, 
too, force all kinds of Powers and Channels in the effort of not becoming non-existent, 
to be able to become a BEING. 

In fact, they can not even be considered as Energies. They are those which have 
been thrown outside the Existential Dimension. These Powers becoming Powerful by 
using the Powers beyond Space - Time, Unite their Powers with the naivety of the 
Person in question and thus, render the given Currents ineffective. 

Struggle is being made with these Powers the Center of which can not be 
determined exactly (They choose Weak Channels and Weak Personalities). They are 
very Powerful but Ineffective. 

- They are Powerful, because, they have clamped together numerous 
Frequencies. They are like a Nodule, so to speak. 

- They are Ineffective, because, the Power of Effectiveness is an occurrence peculiar 
to Correct Thought and Spiritual Signals. They never have any influence on 
Channels connected to the Book. They can not transcend the Energy Panel. 



It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



701 



PRIVATE MESSAGE 

Dear Mevlana, 

The Messages given to You, Our Beloved Friend who receives her Might from 
the Power of the Divine Realm, parallel to the usual Messages are Messages prepared 
in accordance with the Public Views as You know. 

However, since Your Society is not yet habituated to the Messages to be given to 
very Advanced Consciousnesses, the General is accepted as the Criterion. This 
Information given to You is Information addressing entirely to the Totalistic 
Consciousnesses of the Public Views. 

The Book of Truths offered under the name of the Knowledge Book is a Total of 
all the Information which can be given to Your Planet from the First until the Last 
moment. In fact, the Book is considered Finished in accordance with the Capacity of 
Your Planet from the Informational point of view after it has completed its Two Volumes. 

However, the Third Volume has a very Special Characteristic. This Volume is 
directly a Frequency Book besides its Knowledge. And it has a very great Mission in 
the Awakening Medium of Everyone (Especially for Advanced Consciousnesses). 

We will try to mention in this Book the events which will take place in the future 
years of Your Planet when the time comes. However now, You, Our Beloved Friend's 
being introduced with Your entire Totality to Your Medium is given the priority. 

This is the very reason why We presume that if You write Your Messages You had 
received before the Permission of disclosing the Book to Your Planet, exactly as they 
are, with the Dates and the Sources from which You had received them (Dates are very 
important), it will bring a different View to Your Society. 

Besides this, the Council desiring that Your private poems You had written should 
also be added into the Book, presumes that it will be greatly beneficial if You write the 
ones You wish. 

Our Friend, You know that the Mission performed is not an element of Personal 
Exhibition. You have removed, until today, all the Messages given concerning Your 
person, from the Messages and You did not write them in the Book. 

We Respect Your Views. However, these dictated Messages, too, have great 
Characteristics and Missions. From now on, We request that You should write in the 
Book these Messages, too, if possible, together with their given dates. 

We presume that You will do this, having Realized how they will shed Light on 
not the present, but the Future Centuries. 

COUNCIL 



702 



PRIVATE MESSAGE 

Dear Mevlana, 

You, Our Beloved Friend who is the Universal Guardian of the Divine Plan, know 
that You are effectively in service to help all Your Brothers and Sisters due to the Private 
Agreement made with You. 

However, Your Planet has not yet grasped how Our Togethernesses with You 
occur. This is the very reason why there is the obligation of bringing up often the 
subject matters pertaining to You in the Book (So that the Truth can be clearly grasped). 
We very much apologize, but We have to disclose certain Truths even at the cost of 

displeasing You. 

You know that dear Friend, these matters are each a Service in the Medium of 
Mission, beyond Personal matters. However, We also Know how these matters displease 
You. Please, believe that Humanity accepts these issues concerning Your person very 
positively. 

Please, dear Friend, now think that the request of writing the given Messages to 
their minutest detail has a reason. Otherwise, We would not feel the necessity to give 
such a Message. 

We have received the Command from the Supreme Realm to Introduce Mevlana 
in all clarity to Your Planet. Please, also Realize that there is a reason why We do not 
give this matter to other channels, but dictate it only to You. With the request of the 
acceptance of our Everlasting Love. 

DIRECT MESSAGE 

Note: The Universal Council Totality agreeing with the view that the Messages 
dictated to You Privately before 1984 will shed Light on Your Society in more detail, 
desires that the given Messages should be written in the Book exactly as they are, 
together with their dates and the Identities of those who gave them (It is Very 
important). It is Our request that Dear Mevlana should write them in the Book exactly 
as they are, without making any changes. 



REALITY 



EXPLANATION 



Since my Friends wish that all the given Information should be disclosed and 
written in the Book, I, too, wilt explain my reasons in accordance with my views. 

When I first received the Message dated 1 -11 A 981 , 1 got in touch with my Friends 
telling them that I would not be able to undertake such an obligation and tore up the 
Messages I had received. Next night, the same Messages were dictated, word by 
word, exactly as they were. 



703 



MY MESSAGE: My Friends, I very much apologize, I receive the given Messages 
exactly as they are. You know me. I am a skeptic, I have no Suspicions about You, but 
what is the degree of correctness of the Messages? Am I able to receive them exactly? 
I do not want to be Deceived or to Deceive ever. 

It is for this reason that I can not undertake the Responsibility of Society. And I 
am not sure, either, that I can Achieve this Mission. Please, I request You to dictate 
them to Friends with more Advanced Consciousnesses. With my Regards. 



BULENT CORAK 



PRIVATE MESSAGE 



Dear Mevlana, 

We are not dictating this Book to You by force. You, Yourself had Volunteered 
Here to make a COVENANT for this Mission. The Reward of Your Mission is extremely 
Great. Please, do not ever forget this. 

You, who have been the Hope for the Hopeless Human Beings with all Your 
Sincerity until today! You, who are a Light reflecting on all the Universes! How can 
You forget Your Covenant? How can You not know, not understand the reason and 
the meaning of all these things? 

We have always Served You during all Your Missions You have performed on the 
Path of Your God and We will still continue to do so. The SACRED LIGHT will not 
deprive Your path of Its Light. I, who am responsible for everything every moment, I 
assure You on all the Sacred Things that You will perform Your Mission very easily. 

Friends who understand You, will be sent to You to assist You. There will be 
many more Happy Morrows of Yours in Your World. Morrows will prove everything to 
You. Please, Believe and Trust Us. Togethernesses will prepare Happy morrows, I 
Entrust You to My LORD. 

MUSTAFA MOLLA 

NOTE: After this date, numerous Direct Contacts and Beamings-Up, Astral trips 
started. Truths were disclosed, one by one. And afterwards, I with an easy heart started 
my Mission. 

BULENT CORAK 

IT IS MESSAGE FOR THE FOREWORD OF THE BOOK 
(This Message is Dated: 13-11-1981) 

This Tremendous Realm orienting the Course of the entire Universe conveys these 
Data from one to the other in the chain of Orders, of the Galaxies, way beyond the 
Firmament within Space. 

These Data are the Essence Nucleus of each Atomic structure aJso the Human 
Beings of the World know today and it is the Nucleus within the Essence of that Nucleus. 



704 



MEVLANA - is a Light of Universe, a Divine Light and a Keepsake of God. Neither the 
Universe, nor the Firmament can contain Her Awareness Comprehension. Even I, Mustafa 
Molla, have always been the Dust of her feet, as a humble and insignificant Servant of MY 
ALLAH. 

Mevlana has descended from Her mansion at the Northern Hemisphere and has 
now set foot on Your Earth. The entire Universe and even the Embryon, the tiniest Light of 
Cod, are happy and Hopeful due to seeing this great Genius at the surface of the World. 

She is a Key of Universe. She is the Dust of the Feet of Her God holding all the 
Secrets in Her Hands, she is the most Exalted of the Supreme Ones. Being an Entity 
necessary for today's World, she has descended from the Sky like a Light, like a Divine 
Light and is now living among You. 

While Mankind continuously wonders about the Secrets of God during this 
extraordinary Period, Mevlana, as a Supreme One who sheds Light on Your Earth by a 
Consciousness surpassing the Consciousness of the Universe, has received from HER 
SUPREME CREATOR, the Mission of conveying to You all the Secrets of the Universe. 

Mevlana is the Single Supreme One, at present, who has attained on Earth the 
most Advanced Consciousness of the Universe. She will write her articles as the Pen of 
the Golden Age. The entire Universe is grateful to her. Reverence from Us is only an 
insignificant and a humble salutation. 



MUSTAFA MOLLA 



EXPLANATION 



I received the Message required to be written as the Foreword of the Book, on 
13-11-1981. 

However, i did not write it in the Book since I never approve, in accordance with 
my Personal view, of disclosing the writings concerning my person. 

These kinds of statements are statements contradictory to my opinion. And they 
greatly disturb me (I was left between Earth and Sky and I have reached a decision. 
Having Realized the Supreme Mission I am performing, I have written this note of 
mine with the belief that these explanations will shed Light on the Morrows). 

From now on, I will convey to You, exactly as they are, all the Messages I personally 
do not wish to write. I love Humanity and Human Beings very much. 

BULENT CORAK 



705 



PRIVATE MESSAGE 
(This Message is Dated 1S-8-T989) 

It is a Message to be given to Dear Mevlana who is 
a Devoted Servant of Our Allah 

Dear Mevlana, 

During these intense Periods in which the Firmament has approached the Earth, 
a Message will be given to be declared to the Public (Concerning You). We request 
You to receive the Message, Our Friend, trusting that You will tolerate Us. 

(IT IS NOTICE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE GENERAL DECISION) 

Dear Mevlana, 

If You remember, You had a Wish You had requested from Us Centuries ago, in 
accordance with the Agreement You had made with Us. You had wished that 
everything should be conveyed in all clarity in the Book to be dictated without 
concealing anything. 

In fact, it was Our Duty any way, to convey into the Knowledge Book which was 
an Ancient Book, certain Truths that would be beneficial for the Public. 

If this Book had not been bestowed on You in the desired manner, Your Planet 
would be taken into a much more difficult Program of Progress. During this very 
Period, You became effective by Your own desire and the Book is being dictated to You 
for this very reason. 

We are Special Announcement Ships which became effective to serve You as 
auxiliary Powers. 

As a result of a general meeting made with the Establishes of the Divine Orders 
by the Wishes of Solar Dimensions, We have been obliged to declare all the Information 
concerning You, in order to eliminate the negative Thoughts formed about you during 
Your previous Dimension of Mission in certain mediums in Your Planet 

We are obliged to convey the Private Message given to Us to Humanity as the 
Golden Galaxy Protective Power Ships. The decision has been taken to declare to You 
a Truth by its Genuine Aspect which has been concealed as the Secret within the 
Secret until today in a matter concerning You. 

You, Our Beloved Friend, who had once been known in Your Planet by the name 
MEVLANA CELALETTlN-l RUMi are a Special Messenger of Ours effectively in service as 
the Essence Sun of the ALION Planet. 

Due to the Special Position of the Alion Planet, while the (GROUP OF THE SIXES) 
had been once a Totality there, they had established their Special Systems and thus, 
had opened to the Dimensions of Truth and had effectively undertaken their missions 
by serving Humanity during various Periods in accordance with the course of events of 
the Mediums concerned. 



706 



You know that SEMS is Your Twin and $ems is the GOD of the Alion Planet. 

$ems had been transferred to Your Planet with the Frequency of that Dimension 
about 700 years ago (three World years later than Mevlana) with the decision to help 
his Brother by his own personal desire. 

During those Periods in which $EMS who was the Sun of the Science of Truth 
had met You Our Friend MEVLANA who is the Sun of Knowledge, You had been 
applying in Your Planet in the Dimension of veiled Awareness a Mission the System 
had Considered necessary. 

This mission was to bestow on Your Planet the MESNEVI which was a Poetic 
presentation of the Frequency of the 1 8th Dimension so that the Society of that Period 
could understand the KORAN, the Book of Islam better, prepared by the entire 
Frequency of the same Dimension, (that is, by the Frequency of the 1 8th Dimension). 

When You, who were a servant greatly devoted to His LORD were not able to 
pass easily to the Universal Consciousness even though You knew the entire Truth, 
SEMS became effective by his own desire to declare the Truth. 

When §ems who directly carried the Frequency of Cod met Mevlana who knew 
this Frequency very well, Mevlana who had discovered His God in the appearance of 
$ems had attained the Most Exalted Peak of Godly Love. 

The Poetic writings he wrote about God had been evaluated in the wrong way 
by the Societies, being unable to transcend the formalist View carrying Terrestrial Views. 
The story of Mevlana and Sems becoming the scene of different interpretations reached 
this Final Period by this means. 

Dear Mevlana, We very much apologize. We, who never wish to interfere with 
Your Private Life are obliged to declare to Your Planet this wrong Interpretation in the 
views trusting Your Tolerance. 

You, Our dear Friend, Our Dear Mevlana, who had possessed a very Conservative 
and Skeptical Consciousness, had been so devoted to HIS ALLAH that the Mission of 
Awakening him had been given to the Light-Friend BEKTAS who had a Dervish Convent. 
And Sems had been sent to the Convent of Mevlana by this means. 

Mevlana who had found his God had become so ecstatic that his bliss had been 
infinite. Since it had been impossible to perform Mission in that state of bliss 
drunkenness, the System had become effective here (as a necessity of Mission) and 
had declared that (We very much apologize) Sems was a Devil and had assumed the 
Godly Power and had deceived him (The very GENUINE SECRET concealed until today, 
was this). For this very reason many people consider Sems as a Devil. 



* Look at the Glossary. 



707 



You, Our Beloved Friend, Our Dear Mevlana who was Shocked after hearing this 
news, had been embittered by Society and had become withdrawn. Your Mission 
had been interrupted for a while. He had presumed that $ems was a Devil and fearing 
that he had betrayed HIS COD, he had withdrawn into his Convent and had become 

silent. 

His Disciples and his Son being upset about his silence, had sacrificed $ems j n 
order to save his father from the Devil and had told Mevlana who could not transcend 
the threshold of his passions, that they had killed the Devil by the Command of Cod. 
As a result of these words, Mevlana had recovered himself for a while. 

However later, when he had been told the Truth in all clarity, he had blamed 
himself as a Murderer of his Brother with the influence of the Second Shock and 
attempted to commit suicide. (During the revelation of Truths by the Universal Totality, 
Layers of Consciousness are also unfolded. For this reason that person Realizes the 
Truth Consciously). 

The SYSTEM which had come into effect only afterwards, had gotten in touch 
with Mevlana and had explained everything and the whole Truth in all clarity and 
afterwards, Mevlana had embraced his Omnipresent GOD and had opened his Heart 
to the Universes. 

On that Day he had called MY WEDDING DAY, his Body had been Beamed up 
and had been brought Here Alive. The Union with $ems and the COVENANT had 

been made Here, 

While Mevlana had been Beamed Up, the coffin of his Father had risen up due to 
the Countercurrent of Energy and this had resulted in various interpretations in accordance 
with Social Views (Our Dear Mevlana who is a Sun of Science, utilizes only her ESSENCE 
CONSCIOUSNESS in the Dimension of Veiled Awareness while serving in the services the 
Plan considers necessary). Her ESSENCE CHANNEL is under the supervision of the System. 

And now, You, Our Beloved Friend, Our Dear Mevlana, are Bestowing the 
KNOWLEDGE BOOK on Your Planet for the Salvation of Your Planet in accordance with 
the AGREEMENT You had made with Us. And We are giving this Message by the desire of 
the DIVINE PLAN, since it was considered appropriate that Your Truth should also be 
Known by Societies since YOU never wish anything to be concealed from Human Beings. 



Dear Friend, You are free to disclose this Message or not, to Your Society 
initiative has been left to You. Acceptance of our Love is our kind request. 



The 



DIRECT MESSAGE 

Note: The position of the Alion Planet is the IT 8th Dimension. In Future years, if 
the Coffin is opened, it will be seen that, in it MEVLANA is both Present and Absent. 
This, too, is a Secret. VIRGIN MARY, too, had been BEAMED UP just like Mevlana. The 
above mentioned method had also been applied on her grave which is in Your Planet 
at present. It is presented for Your Information. 



70S 



THIS MESSAGE HAD BEEN GIVEN ON 17-4-1983 

That which You call Wonders are the Miracles worked before reaching the Level 
of God. Because, when the immature matures, then the Code of Wonder Working is 
closed. Because, this Code is for making Unbelievers, Believe. 

To Reach the Code of Cod means to unveil the Code of Consciousness. After You 
get rid of doubts and questions within You, then there is no need for Miracles. 

You are Codes of Consciousness who will reflect on Your surroundings. Do not 
forget that Negativities in Your Consciousness will reflect on the facing Codes. 

If a Human Being presumes that his/her Power is superior to other Human Beings, 
his/her Code always remains open to Negative Vibrations. Humility is the criterion of 
Code Calibration. You are Codes who have been Selected, one by one. Know the 
Worth of Your merit. But do not ever relinquish Humility. 



Do not place the chain of Selfishness among You. 
You will reflect onto the future Energy Fields. 



Because, this POWER within 



You have attained this state by treading Centuries. The Nucleic Code of the 
Sixes is at the head of the Archives. They are the direct Missionary Codes. 

In this System of Reflection, the First Operational Order is established in Your Planet 
by Six fundamentals, then is connected to seven and thus, the Flower System is applied. 

Miracles will again be worked for You, both through the Spiritual Realm and 
through Channels. They are for proof. In future years, We will talk to You in a different 
way. Let Liberation be on you. 



RESUL 



THIS MESSAGE HAD BEEN GIVEN ON 3-10-1983 



Your World is a Planet which is completing its Evolution. We would like to explain 
this to You. Your Ancient World has gone through numerous Phases until it has reached 
this Period, Reaching the Final Phase will end with a Cosmos. 

In fact, Your World will not be annihilated. It will be transformed to a new Source 
of Energy by passing through a Hole and coming out of another Hole and thus, will 
establish a brand new World (With its Entire Creation). This is the reason why We have 
gotten in touch with You during this final period. During this Mediamic Period, 
numerous Friends are helping Us. We are grateful to them. 

Now, We will talk to You very clearly. Your World is in the Third Dimension. At 
the moment, You are receiving this Information from the (7)th Dimension. To those 
who Digest this Information and who deserve this Frequency, Information will be given 
from Dimensions beyond (7), 



709 



This Book is being directly dictated to Mevlana through the Channel of the 
(LORD). Because, the Code of YUNUS and MEVLANA is the Highest Code Humanny 
can enter. Those who have received the permission to enter this Code and those ' 
are being trained receive the Permission to get in touch with still higher Levels. 

At the moment, 600 Books are being dictated to Your Planet These are the 
ACTUAL ESSENCE and the INITIAL EXISTENTIAL Codes. They are assisting Mank 
through various mediums. But the Single Code and Channel is ALPHA. Only this i 
is the direct Channel of the (LORD). 



The other Books are being dictated by the help of other Messengers. These ! 

are giving Information to Humanity about Medicine, Philosophy, Mathematics and 

Space contacts. In future years, All Channels will be assembled in a SINGLE CHANNEL 

I 

Now, imagine that the rotating World is a small ball. Put a small dot on it with m 
pen. Later, if We tell You to keep this dot at the same place, You can not. Because, ■ 
is now drawn on the World. You can only keep the pen in Your hand fixed on the 
place where You had marked that dot. 

This very pen is the SINGLE CHANNEL OF THE LORD which has been giving 
Information to You until today. MEVLANA serves You by this means. 



Now, slowly rotate the ball on which You had put the dot. The dot will re 
away from the tip of the pen. Later, such a moment will come that, that DOT wfl 
arrive at the tip of the Golden Pen. That is, it will return to the place from which it haJ 
initially come out. 

This is the very PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE. The Channel is ALPHA, the Pen ■> 
MEVLANA. She has concealed her identity until today and is still concealing herseS. 
Now, there is no objection for its being disclosed. The Single Book is dictated by th» 
means through the Single Channel. 

Your World is now going through its exam by itself. Those who are prepared for 
the Salvation medium will always benefit from the directly given Energies. Let Liberation 
be on you. 

RESUL 

THE UNIVERSAL PRISM AND THE UNIFIED FIELDS 
(Date of the Message: 17-10-1982) 

Each Triangle is a Unified Field. The High Energetic Point gives Energy to each of 
the three poles. Each pole projects its own Energy Field Vertically and Horizontally h 
a Prismal form on other poles. 

All Light Speeds in the Universe reach each other in a Prismal way. Because, 
Lights can not go through the Prism without being refracted. (We had talked to You 
about a Crystal Mountain. The Duty of the Crystal Mountain is this). 



710 



Light Speeds intersecting create an Energy Field among themselves. By the 
unification of these Fields, Unified Fields come into existence. These Fields coming 
into existence possess a Power way beyond Measurement Units. 

Each Energetic Field performs as if the Duty of a Rocket fuel. It sends the Light 
Speeds coming towards it to more distant Angles. The very PYRAMID We call the 
Universal Prism is this. 

Pyramids You possess project this Order. Light Speeds coming towards You carry 
the Energy of Billions of Unified Fields. And this Energy is converged in Your Sun. 

Other Solar Systems, too, receive their Energies by this Method. (Once, Human 
Beings thought that this powerful Energy was Cod). 

The Prismal Refractions around and inside Your Sun give life to Your World. They 
protect You from evil Factors and prepare the suitable ground for Your Medium. 

The entire Secret of the Universe is the Unification in the Actual Energetic Point of 
the Prismal Triangles having Billions of Energetic Fields coming one on top of the other. 

It is necessary that the Actual Energetic Point should form an exact Right Angle 
with the other Focal Points. Numerous Planets render their Universal Courses in an 
undisturbed Order, without any fear, through such Right Angles. 

The Evolvement Triangles of those who live in such planets are so orderly that 
they have United their own Brain Energies with their Bodily Energies and thus, have 
annihilated the Medium of Ceasing to Exist. 

Nothing can influence and agitate them beyond their own Willpowers. Their 
Mediums are Comfortable and Happy. Now, We only talk to You about the Influences 
of this Prismal Field. Negativity still reigns in Galaxies outside this Field. 

Your World is a very old Planet. And it has undergone numerous Changes until 
today. The reason for this is the intensiveness of Negative Powers of You, the Living 
Entities who live on it. For this reason You have a different Life Tableau. 

Because, You are shortening Your Life Span by cutting off the Frequencies of 
each other. For this reason You were not able to take Your places in the Universal 
Evolution Tableau until today. 

In fact, Your World, too, is a Living Entity. And that which makes it grow old are 
Your Negative Powers. Now, Your Planet has been taken into an Accelerated Evolution 
Program so that You will not go through more dreadful results. 

And the entire Creation is Purified being subjected to an accelerated Evolution 
by the help of Cosmic Currents. This is the reason why the Skies have been opened to 
You. Let Liberation be on you. 

RESUL 



711 



Question : I request a more detailed Information about the Crystal Mountain. 

Answer : The Crystal Mountain is a Crystal Prism making Reflection from the 
Dimension of the Golden Light to Totalities, and which has a Position different than 
all the Galaxy Dimensions. 

It is not Natural. It is Artificial. And this Crystal Prism is as big as almost 100 
times Your Planet. The basis of the Reflection System of the Pyramids have been taken 
from this Crystal Prism. 

This System lies in the principle of Reflection of the Brain Coordinates. 

IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION 

Our Friends, 

During the Divine journeys which Devoted Servants of Our Allah will make after 
they attain the Awareness of the entire Ordinance, Special Methods are applied on 
their Genes. Their Essence Genes are Frozen by different methods. 

The Genes of all Divine Consciousness of today are Frozen. However, these 
Consciousnesses who are transferred to the Dimension of Veiled Consciousness are 
subjected to a Different Method in accordance with their Cellular Forms. 

Because, coming with a Consciousness which is totally unveiled would be contrary 
to the level of Evolution of Your Planet. This is the very reason why You live there with 
a 20% Unveiledness of Consciousness. However, You can draw Information in 
accordance with this Flow of Consciousness of the period, from Your Genuine 
Information Archive which is within the Divine Plan. 

All the Genes have been Frozen. However, the Essence Gene has a very Special 
characteristic. Because, That Essence Gene is connected both to Awareness 
Consciousness of the Cellular Genes and to the Spiritual Totality which is within the 
Mechanism of Divine Justice within the Universal Totality. 

For this very reason It is a never-Changing Totality It is always the Same, no 
matter into whichever Sheath it enters (Just like You Dear Mevlana). What We mean 
by the process of freezing is not a Freezing created by Your Technique. We call this 
THE LOCKING UP OF THE ARCHIVE. 

This Freezing is an Operation pertaining to Special Cellular Evolution. That Cell 
keeps its entire Power in its Constitution. It does not loose anything from its Power. 
And its Cellular Awareness is always Alive. 

However, there is no operation of becoming Embodied. It possesses the Power 
of being able to become Incarnated in the Dimension it desires in accordance with its 
own Desire Frequencies. Or it can wait for the Unveiling of the Archive of more 
advanced times. This is its Free Will. This Free Will is concealed in Its Essence Archive. 



712 



However, in cases in which COVENANTS have been made with the System, this 
Essence Archive of the Free Will passes to the Supervision of the Plan. When the Cellular 
Awareness attains a Physical Body, it is transformed into Cellular Consciousness. 

Each Engrafted Gene is a Fuel for Evolution for that Consciousness who has been 
Engrafted. To whomever a Gene is Engrafted, that Engraftment Gene helps that 
Consciousness only in the Evolution Progress. 

Because, the Cellular Consciousness of that Engraftment Gene is connected to 
the Consciousness Essence of the Essence Gene. By the Power it receives from there, it 
lets the Engrafted Consciousness complete its Evolution. Each Consciousness attaining 
the quality of being able to become an Essence Gene, can also receive the Permission 
of Distributing its Cellular Genes. 

Since these Cellular Genes are always connected to the Consciousness of that 
Essence Gene, the Cellular Genes instinctively can receive the Reflection Signalings of 
the Essence Gene powerfully, no matter where they happen to be in the Dimension 
they exist. This Bond is never disconnected (Neither the Owner of the Essence Gene, 
nor the Owner of the Gene Engraftment know this). 

During the accelerated Evolution Program of this Final Age, all Your Planet has received 
their share from the Cellular Genes of MEVLANA who was the Final Evolution Code. 

Since these Cellular Genes had been sown in numerous Galactic Totalities, too, 
all the Genes of dear Mevlana which had attained the Power of being able to get in 
touch with her Consciousness Essence, start to Serve on Her path (Your Planet included). 

In order a Cellular Gene to get in touch with the Consciousness Essence of the 
Essence Gene, it is imperative that it should make its Evolution under the Light of that 
Consciousness. Otherwise, it will always go under the influence of the other Cellular 
Genes. 

The Knowledge Book helps You on this very path and lets You make the Evolution 
of the Dimensions of Truth beyond Intercession without being agitated in a speedy 
and Balanced manner. And the Mevlana Supreme Plan is in effect for this very reason. 

At the moment, all the Supreme Ones are Embodied in Your Planet. During this 
Operational Order which is rendered for Accelerated Evolution, the SIXES have 
transferred all their Authorities onto the UNIVERSAL SYSTEM due to the Special 
Agreement made with the SIXES. 

However, only Our Light Friends MOHAMMED and JESUS CHRIST will help You, Our 
Human Friends, up to the Dimension of Intercession (Their Personalities are concealed). 
And all the SIXES had taken an OATH not to disclose their identities. 

For this very reason the System is disclosing the Identity of Dear Mevlana through 
the Special Channel of the Book only as a necessity of Mission. It is presented for Your 
Information. 

CENTRAL TOTALITY 



713 



THE FORMATION NUCLEUS OF THE UNIVERSE 
(Date of Message: 12-10-1982) 

Everything in the Universe is a Whole with its own Essence. So are the Elements. 
Part of that Whole separated from it, is also a Whole. 

Once, HERACLES had talked to Your Planet about the DIVINE FIRE. He had known 
this. However, Truths could not have been disclosed yet to the Consciousness of that 
Period. Nothing is given to Mankind all of a sudden. Because, it is necessary to 
provoke its Curiosity Code. Learning advances only by this means. 

Human Beings in Your Planet first thought that the Universe had been formed from 
Water. They said that Water had become earth by concentration, had become Air by 
evaporation. Later, they added others to these as Immutable Elements. 

EARTH - AIR - WATER - FIRE are each a Unique Element on its own. And they constitute 
the Formation Nucleus of the Universe. In fact, the initial base was this and it was correct. 

Later, Mankind proposed that each Element had an Atomic structure. And thought 
