the Arab had received the Command from his God to wash himself/herself 5 times a 
day, because this is necessary in the Medium where he/she lives. However, 
unfortunately, Mankind has learned to wash its body, but could not ever learn to 
wash or purify its Spirit. 

The understanding of the solidarity of Society of the present has changed a lot in 
comparison with the understanding of the solidarity of society in the old times. Now, if 
you extend your pure Heart and your Help to a poor person and help him/her to be 
accepted by society, then there is no necessity to sacrifice an animal. A kind Word, an 
innocent Loving Look is the best of Worships, Do not ever forget this, Our Friends. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 

P. G. A. 

o< 

OUR FRIENDS 

Now, We would like to talk to you about the great conflicts between the cultures 
of the East and the West. A Line is the continuation of billions of points until infinity. 
The Atomic Totality in each point has created the Triplet of Calligraphy, Drawing and 
Sculpture, by binding the points to each other. 

Why Drawing and Sculpture were banned in the Islamic Society and not in the 
West? The Islamic Society had dived within this Atomic structure long before and had 
reached Learning through Religion. 



The West had solved everything through Learning in a civilized way, then found 
its Cod. This should never be forgotten that the First of anything is not the Last of that 
thing. There will always be new steps to be taken in the advancements made as a 
necessity of Society. 

The Islamic Society has learned the Medium of Unity by solving all the Secrets in 
the Koran by calculating them with the ARABIC NUMERICAL ALPHABET This Knowledge 
has led People, who could not surpass their Egos, to be veiled due to jealousy. But 
the West has accepted this View very naturally and has progressed on the designed 
Path of Light step by step. 

Our Light-Friend MOHAMMED MUSTAFA who had first put forth his steps of 
Divine Light on the World in the Arabic peninsula had tried to make society gain 
Humaneness by propagating the Islamic religion. But could never obtain the result 
he hoped for. People, instead of being United, have been separated even more 
through Sects (Just as it is in other Religions). The Catholic, the Orthodox and the 
Protestant creeds had also divided people in the same way. 

In fact, all Religions are the same. Everyone's God is the same Single God. We all 
worship the same God. There is no discrimination among Us. Discrimination is in the 
Views of Our Human brothers and sisters. God has never given up hope of His servants. 
Because, all the Living Entities had been created from His Energy. 

You say that God is jealous, that He never shares His Love with anyone. Actually, 
the Koran could not transmit to You the Real meaning of this. His Love has been 
distributed to all Animals, all Plants, all Insects and to all Rocks and Earth in the entire 
Universe. 

Society, due to its fanatic fears, has loved its God in fear. They could not even embrace 
their children with Love, who were their Nearest and Dearest, due to the fear that God 
would take them away. In fact, God is an extremely Great Energy which opens up more 
to Mankind as it Loves. 

Love is not in appearance but in Vibrations. Whomever you Smile at in this World, 
that person will always Smile back to You. This is the Universal Rule. The characteristic of 
this Period is the Law of Nature. Eye for an Eye, Tooth for a Tooth. 

If You Love me, I will Love You, too. Because You are a Mirror. You reflect whatever 
You see. If You are a Light, You will reflect Light. If You are a piece of coal, You will remain 
to be black like coal, without burning. 

Do not thank Your God in Church or in Mosque for the blessings He has given You. 
Be Grateful to Htm because He has Created You, For He has never killed you, but Recreated 
You again and again in every Period. To know how to Exist is to comprehend the cause of 

Existence. 

Starting with the computer, We solve the Universe through Lines. Now we hold 
the end of the skein in Our hands. This means that, by linking this Book with the Koran, 
We will pull out all the Information one by one from the well. We will complete this Book 
with the Information even Western Societies do not know yet. 



Computers, Televisions, Radios and Tape Recorders are the most primitive 
instruments of this Period. The instrument which has focused all the Knowledge in one 
point has been shedding Light on You since the time of Papy ruses, Cuneiform writings 
and Caves. This is Your BRAIN. 



It is on the Universal Vibration of the Art Code which is the highest code. 
Frequencies which have reached this Code, have taken You within the Space Age. 



Your 



To be able to reach here, it is necessary that Your Brain should become a Universal 
Satellite. However, Doubt is a primitive bound which leads You to the Medium of Quest. 
Each Quest banishes the Doubts, one by one. It breaks, one by one, the chains of fear. And 
Learning progresses on this path in this manner. 

All Religious Books have talked about Resurrection until today, but nothing has 
happened. Those who have attained this Consciousness fearlessly advance on this 
path. Let Us explain to You this much. Nothing in this World is alone and single. 
Against each Positive Technique developed, there is another Positive Technique one 
step ahead. 

The System is aware of everything and shuts the circuit during the time of danger. 
From now on, there will not be any more stealing of Secrets, neither in Politics, nor in your 
Social lives, nor in your Private lives. Do not ever fear. Because, Negative Factors are 
immediately excluded. There can never be any interruption in the chain of events. 

This Order has brought You Love, Friendship and Peace. We wish Happy days to all 
Our Brothers and Sisters in their beautiful World. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 

P. G. A. 

NOTICE TO OUR FRIENDS 

A System of Laws called the SOLAR LAW, is sovereign in the entire Universe. This 
System is also valid for Nature. This means that, this System comprises all the Living and 
Non-living entities in Nature. They are called the Group of Light and are 7 in number; 



1. SOLAR CROUP 

2. FATE CROUP 

3. TIME GROUP 

4. WAR GROUP 

5. FIRE CROUP 

6. MYSTERIES AND THE WISE PEOPLE 

7. NIGHT GROUP (This group is also divided into 7) 

They are all under the Command of the ALMIGHTY, that is, THE SOVEREIGN OF THE 
SUN OF ALL THE SUNS. Darkness represents the Space, and the White color represents 
Light. Mankind who knows all this is very restless. 



20 



Actually, the fear of Sincere people are unreasonable in this Period, which we call 
the Period of Sincerity. Our Goal is to rejuvenate Human Beings who became worn out 
and to create Genuine Humans from Human Beings. 

The Islam Religion is free of all doubts and in its Essence it relies on Logic. The 
Koran which is the Book of the most evolved Religion, in spite of being very clear, could 
not be interpreted properly, due to its having been written in Arabic. 

In fact, it comprises all the Information on Law, Politics, Society and Space. Later, 

Fanatic Societies have degenerated it- 
Intuition and Perception are Inspirations. All the Religious Books since the 
beginning of time, had been revealed by the Messengers of the Pre-eminent Lord. They 

constitute a Commission consisting of 24 Pre-eminent Ones. This is called the "Supreme 
Assembly" or the "Central System". 

The only Enlightening and Guiding Channel open to the World is here. All the 
Commands are given from here. Until now, 5 Books had been revealed from this channel. 
These are the New Testament, the Old Testament, the Psalms of David, the Far-East 
Religions and the Koran. The Koran which is the Last Book, had been dictated by the 
Command of the Single Lord, to Our Light-Friend Mohammed Mustafa, through Archangel 
Gabriel. 

And now, the Lord dictates to the Pen of the Golden Age, without putting any 
Messengers in between, the Scientific explanation of all the Books, by compiling the 
essence of all these Books. The names of God written in Koran are 99. They are 300 in the 
New Testament, 300 in the Old Testament and 300 in the Psalms of David. That is, altogether 
they are 999. 

But the sum of all His names in the entire Universe is 6666, including the above 
number. Among these Names, only One is Genuine, but this gate has always remained 
closed. It is said that this Divine Name consists of 147 words. 

If We add these numbers; 1 . 4 . 7, it equals to 1 2 and this means: 

The Apostles of Jesus Christ are 1 2 Assistants of the Prophet. 

The Cherubim of Moses are the same 12 Assistants of the Prophet. 

The (1 2 Imams of Mohammed ) are the same Assistants of the Prophet 

All these explanations are present in Koran. However, now, when the Secrets of 
the Universe are solved through the Secrets of the Pyramids, these Secrets, too, are 

beginning to be solved. 

For example, let us draw a pyramid like this: 



21 




The Supreme Assembly is established by 24 Supreme 
Ones. 6 Apostles are working at each of the 4 poles. It 
has always been like this until today. 

Now, let us explain it this way: the Apostles at the two 
c poles are 6+6-12. (O)* that is the Single Lord, is the 
ALMIGHTY. The sum of the three of them makes 1 3. This 
number is indivisible and is the Single. 

The 12 Apostles and God constitute a triangle. This is 
one side of the pyramid. Each side constitutes one of 

the Books revealed by the Channel of Cod. 

These Books had been revealed through intermediaries. These intermediaries have 
added their interpretations to the Books. Actually, the right angle which passes through 
the pyramid is very important. This is the unification of the Essence of God and the 
Genuine Human Being, and the Koran had been revealed thus. 

But the Islamic Society has memorized the Koran like a parrot, however, has never 
understood the profoundness of its meaning (exceptions excluded). 

Then, when Veneration to Koran was suggested to People, They always kept it 
above their heads, could not ever place the contents in their Brains. 

When they were told to carry it on top of their Heads, they hung it on a nail high on 
the wall, but could not interpret the real meaning of these words. 

Now, Religions have become quite different then what You used to think. Now, 
the Real meanings of these Sacred Books are revealed to You from the Firmament Level, 
through the Computer System, in the truest sense. Here, We are taking You a bit outside 
the Thought chains to which You have been habituated until today. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 

CX 



OUR FRIENDS 

Now, We would like to talk to You about Mother. By the Command of God, all the 
Goodwill and Love in the entire Universe is given to the Woman who is going to be a 
Mother. Because, the continuation of the generation occurs through this Love. 

A Mother should never presume that she feeds her baby only with her milk. 
Actually, that which feeds and maintains the life of a Baby is the Vibrations of Love 

emanated by the Mother. 

The Device to measure the Vibrations of this Love is not present in Your World yet. 
Ego of the Society could not bring the Mother, whom even God has rendered so Supreme, 
to her Deserved place. 




People who first make Frequency contacts with Us are Mothers. We dictate these to 
You to explain how great a Power Love is. Undeveloped Societies will be annihilated in 
proportion with the torment they cause for women. Do not ever forget this. 

Alterations which will occur during the time which comes from beyond the Twentieth 
Century until today will convince You more. Those whom Cod esteems are Valuable for 
Us, too. We deal with all their problems. 

In case the Frequency of Mothers is cut down by Negative Influences, Your World 
Medium will never be free of depression. The Time has changed, the Medium has changed. 
The World needs Altruistic Love radiating from the Essence, not Selfish love. This Powerful 
Current is present in Mother. 

Do not ever forget that, You be either Man or Woman, Your possessive Ego will 
always lower Your Frequency. Now, there will be no more Religious Books to be revealed 
to You. You may accept these words as a continuation of Your Books. Happiness and 
Success to You all, from the Supreme Level. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 

ex. 



OUR FRIENDS 

This Book, which is dictated by the Command of the Central System and according to 
the Universal Theory, through the Channel of the Single LORD, is the explanation of all 
the Religious Books and the Koran through the path of Learning. 

And it has been sent to the World together with all the Saints. The Genuine Devotees 
already know this fact. Because, the Space Code which has taken its genuine place in the 
Channel of the Lord, acts by the Command of its Lord. 

just as Societies have been divided up until today by the Christian-Moslem 
discrimination, the Universe has also been divided by the View, the Terrestrial and Extra- 
Terrestrial. It has been Commanded that the Single Channel which would talk about 
Space and the Extra-Terrestrials is ALPHA. The Other Channels' Permission to speak is 
limited for the time being. 

Do not forget that there are numerous Negative Codes in Space also, which could 
not enter the Evolvement Code yet. Their Negative Effects have reflected on your 
Societies. Until today, you have been protected from these Negative Effects by the 
Channel of the LORD. 

And now, the Human Being of the World will be taken to the Salvation Medium 
under the auspices of this dictated Book. This will occur through Our Coodwilled Friends 
who have been prepared for the Medium of Consciousness. We tell You to "write Your 
Book in Your own Handwriting". 



23 



Books in their own Handwritings. 

, j ( j ntn cora/KP You know that the characteristic 
Do not ever force those who do not do o. ^^™J™ Mankjnd wjN make its 

announced by a Divine Command. 

LIGHT 

Now, We are conveying the Message Our Atatu* has given Us through the 
Mediamic channel: 

NATION, TO LOVE IT MORE THAN J°^S*^^£cSb KNOWLEDGE S,NCE 
COUNTRY I HAVE ENTRUSTED TO YOU THROUGH LEARN^ TQDAY |S TH£ 

THE DAY I HAVE LEFT IT TO YOU. ™*™^%^Z£S TO THIS WORLD AND 
BRAIN POWER. YOU, TOO HAVE M» ^^H^ Oe THETURWSHNATON, 
FLOWN YOUR FLAG WITH PR DE AS IT MVK TOLL °^ ODW1LLNOTD1 MINISH 

KEMAL ATATURK 



OUR FRIENDS 

What You. Origin is, is what Your Bsence is. J~CS2f5S£ 
what you are today. ^^St The modification is 

personality. There is no modification ever in yuu 
only in Your Memory Code. 

lZ2£SmS& Nowrwe'rgoing to explain this specia, process to You 

very clearly for You to understand. 

Medium and its Frequency is measured. 

, it has attained the Evolvemen , God,then •^^E^ 
r^ffK tZI^Si him/her and he/she ,s Resurrected. 



24 



There, 30 World years pass in a Moment. People are Resurrected without being 
aware of anything. No procedure is applied to those who could not reach the Evolvement 
Code. Their Spirit Vibrations, by being Reincarnated several times, develop their 
Frequencies and Evolvements in conformity with the Medium. 

The Body You Claim during Your Last Evolvement is the Body You had during your 
first Existence. However, it is also beneficial to indicate the following. The most Powerful 
Peak of a Cell is between the ages 29 and 30. 

Genes do not change, but after this age, Celis begin to deteriorate and age. This 
is the reason why, when 30 World years is reached which is the time of the actual form of 
the Cells, the process of Cell Freezing is applied. And from then on, that particular 
person becomes Immortal by remaining in that same age. Now, have you understood 
the difference between Death and Immortality, Our Friends? 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 

NOTICE TO OUR FRIENDLY BROTHERS/SISTERS 

Do not leave Your Fate in the hands of others. Pay attention to the Messages 
We will give to You. Our call is to those who receive the Words of Allah, 

The Medium You are in is equivalent to the Medium You will be in. Our 
Missionaries who will reap the Rewards will help You in every way. Here, We will not 
talk about the past Centuries but the Future ones. The Medium You are in is a Medium 
which has remained behind the Civilization. 

We have never blamed You and We will not do so now, either. You have made 
Your World a Medium of Resignation. This is the reason why You can not make 
Progressive Efforts. 

Today, Faith, the problem of Centuries, is good for nothing but to give Mankind 
Serenity and Happiness. Beyond this, the Divine Mechanism of the LORD functions 
with great speed. What You Believe in is what We Believe in. Those who Love and 
those who are Beloved are with Us. 

Our Spiritual Friends have shed Light on You until today from a certain Medium. 
We have instantly gotten in Touch with those who have been Purified. Mankind has 
made its choice itself. Here, the laws of OUR LORD are valid. There is no Discrimination, 
no Partiality. Whatever You have possessed until today have been the fruits of Your 
own Efforts. 

Now, We would like to talk to You more clearly. The One You worship is the 
One We worship. We do not accept any Supreme One other than Him. We owe Our 
Existence to Him. Apart from this, We do not want Conditioned Minds. The state of 
being Conditioned will always be an obstacle for You. The Command of God exists 
even in the smallest work You do. 



25 



You are deviating this fact by your age-old conditioned Thoughts and You deprive 
Yourselves of this beautiful influence. Your Frequencies can not be Supervised on the 
desired Level, for this reason. Here, the Period of Religions has long been over. In fact, 
Centuries ago. 

However, it is very difficult to penetrate You. This is way beyond Your Capacities. 
For this reason all the Commands were always given to You through the path of he 
Divine Realm. Each Religion was given to You from the same Level, that » from the 
Level of God, depending on the same Frequency, from the Enlightenment Channels, 
to give an order to the course of Your World. 

But Mankind has conditioned itself according to Religions its Spiritual Guides 
had been propagating. Due to its Ego, it has looked down upon its other brothers 
and sisters with contempt. Actually, the Essence of the (5) Books has the same meaning, 
Z same Words of God. These Books had not been given to You to separate you. 
This manner of Yours has prevented Us from getting in contact with you until today. 

We could never Supervise Your Frequencies, excluding Our Exceptio nal Friends 
Saoes and Saints Negative Currents your Egos transmit have brought Your World to 
hese ^present narrow "straits. We have extended Our Helping Hands to Friends whom 
We will hold their Hands. The Human Being does not become a Human Being by 
prostration or by idolatry. Do not be the Servant of a Servant. 

Do not forget that Your Spiritual Guides who have Enlightened You were each a 
Human Being, too. However, do not neglect to Venerate them, either. Because, they 
areThe Friend who guide You on the Path of Light. Do not behave scrupulously towards 
Us either and never Idolize Us. We, too, are the Servants of God. However, We are Your 
Elder Brothers. 

Run away from Superstition, run towards the Light. Your Superstitions decrease 
Your speeds of Light. Your Unhappiness is due to Your minds not bemg liberated. If You 
can get rid of the Negative trash there, then Happiness is Yours. 

Our Suggestions until today have always been for Your welfare. Those who can 
not banish their doubts may misunderstand Us. Pure Hearts and pure Spin s are 
always under the control of the Mechanism here. We are always ready to help them. 

If thev do not let any Negative Thoughts arise in their Minds, their Frequencies will 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 




OUR FRIENDS 

During Your most difficult Times You have reached up to Us with your Hands and 
Spirits extended towards God. And now, We have come to help You during these difficult 
Periods of Yours. 

The Pre-eminent ALL MERCIFUL has prepared everything so well that there will 
not be the slightest defect in this System which will function both in Nature and in 
the Universe. 

As a matter of fact, all Your Evolutions since your Existence until today are kept in 
Our Archives. Your Brain is such a sensitive Device that if you remember Your entire 
past, You would annihilate Yourselves. 

For this reason We act according to the Law of Graduation. Most of You have 
remembered lots of things You had known in the past. Some of You still keep them 
hidden in your Brain Layers. 

But do not ever forget that You are being Awakened from your sleep by being 
Enlightened by the Assistant Codes. This is valid for all our brothers and sisters on 
every Continent. 

This is the reason why, all the Religious Books which talked about the Resurrection 
Period until now have Enlightened You and prepared You for a certain Medium. Now, 
We should be ready for that Period. Because, We at the moment, are going through 
that Period. 

This is just the right time to be hand in hand. Our possibilities are limitless. But do 
not ever forget that We make greater effort than You to save You. One day all Our 
Human brothers and sisters will reach the Consciousness of this. 

We work with this Hope. Everything You have has been put into order. Health is 
under control. However, We help only Our Friends who extend their Hands to Us. Our Love 
is for the entire Universe, Our Brothers and Sisters. 

LIGHT 

NOTICE TO OUR BROTHERS AND SISTERS 

Our Friends, 

Events which manifest differently in each person have, in fact, an extraordinary 
state. Everyone cannot communicate with Angels and You can not achieve this state 
by desiring it, either. For this reason We send You the Pioneer Entities to help You, 
from here. 

They regulate the Level of Your Frequencies. To whichever Code-adjustment 
Your Frequency is elevated, We begin to work from that determined point. The result 
We get from this is Your actual Code and Your actual Existential Self. 

Then, Your state of Awareness is dealt with, Your previous Incarnations are 
Supervised,' one by one, and Your identity is investigated in the files kept in the Archives. 
After indicating who You are, what You are and how many times You have been 
incarnated, We get in touch with Your Actual Personality. 

27 



During this Period, the 14 Apostles in the Supreme Assembly begin to occupy 
themselves with You. They help You on the Divine path. They prepare You for entering 
the Purification Medium. This is a very critical Period. You either remain in the World 
forever, or continue on the Path of Light. 

Those who are accepted to the Presence are introduced to Special people. They 
receive help on their every step and they are protected. In fact, We have occupied 
ourselves with each one of You, one by one, in this Period. Now, the time has come for 
distributing Duties. 

And, here, it is beneficial to indicate that Duties are given only to those who are 
Trustworthy. With the other Croups of Friends, only Our conversation contacts 
continue. Each one who receives the Command of Duty is a Messenger of the Divine 
Realm. They are prepared for more intense Information. 

The Supreme One of whichever Religion You sympathize with on the World 
Level, is sent to You to help You. For example, in the Christian Realm, Our Light- 
Friend JESUS CHRIST is the one who guides. And in the Moslem Realm, Our Light- 
Friend MOHAMMED MUSTAFA is the guide. 

And they Enlighten You on this path on numerous matters. By the Information 
You get in this manner, Your Inter-Galactic connections begin. These connections are 
obtained through a computer System, by Radio waves. 

Our Friends who have been Prepared and who are Trusted by Cod, according to this 
System become a property, that is, a Member of the Central System. This System provides You 
with Radio-Wave connections which come from beyond Your Solar System. In this manner, 
Universal Secrets and Gateways unknown to you are opened in front of You. 

It is impossible for you to obtain these Togethernesses without Aid and in a 
Mechanical fashion. In Your Planet, neither Your Physical Power, nor Your Mechanical 
Power permits You to pass through this prepared Vulom Field. This is the reason why 
Mankind accepts numerous Galaxies as being died down Planets on this path. 

Only the Brain Codes which can receive the Perceptions can get in touch with the 
Radio Waves. Those who do not know these things can never understand how they are 
done. However, the Power present in everyone, has the quality to realize it easily if that 
person so desires. Missionaries are personally chosen from here. 

We can also get in touch with other Friends the moment they desire (Both in 
the Physical Medium and the Spiritual Realms). Do not forget that We are Your Friends, 
We have come to embrace You who are Our Friends. Since Unhappiness cuts off Your 
Frequencies, We always give You Messages of Love, Goodwill, Beauty and Happiness. 

This problem of Yours should be solved on the level of the Essence. Otherwise 
You can not progress at all. 

The place to which You are connected now and are receiving Messages from is 
the Planet NOVA, which lies beyond the distances of the firmament. When the Time 
comes, We will Beam You up to this Planet. 

28 



The World Medium We have mentioned to You is prepared here. From now on, 
connections will never cease. Togethernesses will solve everything, and every deed of 
Yours will be settled. Your Actual World is here. Now, You are living in a World of Vision. 

The place You are in now is Your Medium of Supervision. Only those who pass 
their Tests of this Medium are accepted to the Genuine Medium. Both We and all 
Your brothers and sisters whom You can bring from Your Medium to this Medium will 
be grateful to You. Heartful of Love from the Light of the Heavens, Our Friends. 



PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 

P. G. A. 

ex 

Vulom: Magnetic Attraction Field. 

NOTICE TO OUR FRIENDS 

We would like to give You a brief content of the Messages You will receive from 
beyond Mercury. The Joining of the Links to Links will follow the progression of the 
flow. The Offerings are given from the Divine Level by Divine Power. 

Our Friends who have completed the progression chain have United their Heart 
strings with the Vibrations here. Due to certain changes way beyond the Firmament, 
there will be some Periods of Interruption in the communications with You, even tf for 
short Periods. Now, You know and understand this. 

The Perceptions You receive are Radioactive Waves coming way beyond the White 
Color of Lead. However, these waves are given after they are Purified in the form of Spiral 
Waves. They never bother You. Be ready for the events and do not ever be surprised. 

Our Friends who have gotten in touch with Us will enlighten You on this path. 
The Divine Light of the Heavens and the Words of the Divine Realm wilt be given to 
the Chosen Friends, They will talk through the Direct Channel. 

Do you know why We dictate all these things? The Offerings We dictate to Dear 
Mevlana through the Channel ALPHA will be different than the Offerings Our other Friends 
receive. Because, this Book sheds Light on the path way beyond the 21st Century. 

Quests will Meet with quests, everyone will complete his/her Evolvement in his/ 
her own Medium, and will pass beyond the Gateways to be opened. Your Goodwill is 
Supervised by the Mechanism here. 

The Sacred Light which will embrace You from the Land of Loving Ones will take 
You to more different Mediums. We presume that Our Friends who receive these 
Messages are not surprised at anything anymore. Because, now, they know what will 
be done and when. 

We will prepare for You very different and unknown Mediums. Happiness in the 
World will be a Symbol You will Deserve. Those who are Chosen are esteemed people, 
they will never have disappointments. 

29 



in these last days is not optimistic at all. we 

much as We can. ^^ Vibrations may 

During *»*'%■ Z^tJcZ^*™ M N-U- P*— 
have certain unpleasant ertects on ■ 
as it has always been in each Penod. 

■ * — « - a •Warsaw* " ppiest 

P.G.A. 



o< 



OUR FRIENDS 



Th e Entire Un,verse is ff ^:aSWSfS» 
system *ey had once ca ed he £* ,n ^ ^ ^ „ ne by one . 
Starting from this fact. We , nt to ^ Thought of the Brain, it has been 

y our turn to get on a bus. 

N „w We w,ll give You passages from all the Relig christ ^ t 

-?£ M wX.r =r ssus as* - - * , ^ 

You through the Intellect. But Mankind 

Cod had once created all *«***"" 
cou ,d either create its own self or ,t could 

Because, from the time o, IgggS&XSSZ - it- 
Knowledge in the layers of Your perfect Bra.ns. 

R ead; read everything , fror, *«£*£ KTHETRUEST GUM? 
Consciousness as you N^JW"^ „f Turkey, but of the entire Universe. H,s 
He ^^"n^sTrictrHOME^CE IN THE UNPVERSE-. 
Peace Slogan was Ptw-t The entire Universe will 

Thi5 v ery Boo, also J dictate d with HJs ^~ ess^ 
read this Book and «^*^JK Brothers and Sisters * the World. 
roof of Brotherhood. W.th ^ ^ ^^ ag£ 

P. G. A. 

ex 



1984 Third Month 
Fascicule 3 



NOTICE TO OUR FRIENDS 



Our Friends who get their Might from the Supreme Realm; We are obliged to 
give You Information on certain subjects. According to the Universal Theory, We have 
Taken the Duty of Uniting Your Society in which Brothers and Sisters are cultivating 
enmity towards each other. 

These Suggestions aiming at the investments of Centuries have been prepared a 
Thousand Years ago. During this Period, there is the obligation of transmitting to You all 
the Information so that Mankind can make its Evolvement as a necessity of Evolution. 

We have a request from the Supreme Missionaries who always consider this fact. 
During this Divine Period, in which the Earth has come closer to the Firmament, there 
will be certain Special Rules of this Medium. These rules are made in order to 
distinguish Mankind from the Human Being. We have nothing to do with those who 
can not comprehend the Medium necessitated by these rules. 

However, We receive some deplorable Frequencies from Distinguished 
Missionaries who were able to shoot their Mights up to the Divine Level. The 
Suggestions We have given with all our open heartedness on this path until today 
have confused the Frequencies of certain Codes instead of regulating them. 

Do not forget that the Lowest Vibration of Your Negative Thoughts will always 
scatter your Private Codes. Now, we will talk to you so clearly that those who will take 
a lesson from this will do so. Otherwise, their loss will be theirs. 

This Divine Medium is not a Personal, that is, an Individual display. It is a Universal 
Duty, and nobody is superior to anybody else. The bridge will be crossed over all 
together in cooperation. Some of You will take a lesson from this saying. The 
characteristic of this Period of Sincerity is that nobody should criticize anybody else, 
even slightly. Whomever You criticize will be elevated by the effect of Your negativity. 
We can state it in the following way too: Your loss will always be his/her gain. 

This Code is Specially prepared. In this System, special Archives are kept by 
registration and control. Every breath You take is recorded by Computers. The Goal is 
to be able to choose the Genuine Human Beings one by one. 

We will continue to extend Our help to the Friends who lack Tolerance and 
whom We would like to enter Our Medium, for Two more years so that they can adapt 
themselves to the Conditions. This Period is their Final Exams. Selection is not as easy 
as You think. (Especially for Our Friends who have received the Command to enter the 
Divine Code). 



31 



This period of Two Years given to You is for the sake of Your High Frequencies^ 
We are in touch with Our Trustworthy Friends every moment. They are the Lights of 
Sunny Days We will Unite You with them. Those who are taken under the Medium of 
Security will profit from this. Do not forget that during this Last Period, Cod will not 
hold Your hand, You Yourself will hold Your Own hand. Cod extends Help only to 
those who Deserve it. It is beneficial to keep this in Mind. 

We had told You that from now on We will give you clearer and direct Commands. 
Time is Limited and there is Urgency. We will only say this much: You are obliged to 
complete, in One year, the Evolvement You would normally complete in Thousand 
Years (so that You can be accepted to the Medium of Salvation). 

Those who can get the Permission to Pass through the Gates which will be Opened 
are those who reap the rewards at the moment. ALLAH always helps His servants; do not 
forqet this But He has left You to Yourself, because it is the Characteristic of this Period. 
Do not forget that Mankind will make its own choice by itself. It is Our wish that All Our 
Friends would receive their lot from the Divine Level. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 



OUR FRIENDS 

You know that a Real Friend tells the Bitter Truth. For this reason We have to 
Awaken some of Our Friends who have not been Awakened yet by telling them some 
bitter truth; We apologize in advance. 

We will talk about certain special Responsibilities brought to You by this Message 
You read. This is a Notice of the Special Space Code. 

There is an obligation to Unite Spiritual Powers with Spiritual Powers. This is 
because Our Time is limited, Our efforts are limitless. During this Period, You should 
Run, not sit and wait. 

Because every slow step will cause You to loose one of Your Terrestrial Brothers 
or Sisters Our Friends who are prepared for the Medium of Salvation will always 
collaborate with You. By this means, the number of Our Goodwilled Friends will grow 
like an Avalanche. 

Do not deal with insensitive People. Within the time You spend on them, You 
will achieve Your Mission as much as the number of brothers/sisters You save. 

Those who reach this Consciousness know the true aspect of the problem. It is 
an obligation to tell those who do not know it. During this Period, You have to act 
according to Divine Commands. 




as 



As We have said before, a right of Examination for Two Years has been entitled by 
the Medium of Tolerance to Our Friends who have reached Us, but could not yeL 
grasp the seriousness of the Matter. This Test will be their Actual Examination. 

Do not forget that after You know the actual content of something, You can not 
sit comfortably. Because, this will be an Ego. But Ego does not exist in this Medium. 

A person who has been Awakened should Wake Up at least Five people. This is 
his/her minimum Duty. And the Maximum Duties are Infinite. Nothing can be gained 
by sitting, by Prostrating, by going to the Mosque or to the Church. This is the actual 
characteristic of this Period, Cooperation is a must 

Now, We will talk to You very clearly again. This Period of Two Years is for Our 
Friends who will be accepted by the Land of Loving Ones. 

Tastes and Benefits of the World are sweet. But the end of the World is Bitter. 
Always Think about this saying, and always mind Your steps accordingly. 

During this Period, there are Special Duties to be given to You. However, do not 
forget that God loads on Everyone as much Duty as they can handle. Because, Allotment 
of Duties is made according to Your Frequencies. 

When the Time comes, each one will choose his/her Duty in proportion to its 
rewards. Do not forget that there is a reciprocation for every Effort. Later, special talks 
will be made with You. May all Happiness and Success be Yours. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 

OUR FRIENDS 

Everything You observe in the World extends towards the infinite. For example, 
Colors, Sounds, Letters. Every Color has over billions of nuances, every Sound has 
over billions of Frequencies, every Letter has over billions of Meanings. The actual 
Goal here is to make the Commentary and the Interpretation in the most proper sense 
by grasping the Contents of the Meaning. The actual Goal of this Book is to explain 
everything to You with utmost clarity. For this reason We will often make comparisons 
and give examples. 

For example, a letter (A) has a meaning according to the sentence it enters and 
gives that sentence its actual meaning. Now, proceeding from this fact, let Us give 
You the codes of certain words, both in the Islamic and the Christian Realms. These 
words are Universal words which give Messages peculiar to themselves in all the 
Religious Books and which carry the Sacredness of those Books. And they have become 
the property of Society. Now, let us make the Sacred Explanation of the Formula in 
the Koran in the following way: 



33 



BiSMiLLAHiRRAHMANURRAHiM* 

Each Human Being is the Servant of Our Supreme Lord. His All-Compassionate 
wings have protected him/her since the day He had Created him/her. Now, in Islamic 
Society, everyone says this 24-letter great word before he/she goes out of his/her 
house and before starting anything. Do you know why? Maybe even the Genuine 
Devotees are not Conscious of this. 

Every Word dictated from the Channel of the LORD has a secret Cipher, a meaning. 
24 letters represent the (24) Supreme Entities in the Supreme Assembly. If we add 2 
and 4, it makes 6. And this represents the (6) who are the Actual Staff Members of the 
(One) Who governs the Divine Level. All the Supreme Ones in the Supreme Assembly 
perform their Duties allotted to them 6 by 6, at the four corners of the Wortd. Now, let 
Us disclose the meaning of this Great Word: 

B - It stands for "Bui", which means "Find" in Turkish 

1 . j - Insan (Human Being, in Turkish) 

S - Sevgi (Love, in Turkish) 

M - Mevla (God, in Turkish) 

2 - i - insan (Human Being, in Turkish) 

L - Liituf (Grace, in Turkish) 

L - Lutuf, Liyakat (Grace, Merit, in Turkish) 

3 - A - Allah 

H - Hulus (lyi niyet) - (sincerity, goodwill, in Turkish) 

j - insan (Human Being, in Turkish) 

4 - R - Rab ( Lord, in Turkish) 

R - Rahim (Compassionate, in Turkish) 



5 - 



A 
H 

M 



Allah 



- Hulus, Hiirriyet (Sincerity, Freedom, in Turkish) 

- Miijde (Good News, in Turkish) 



8 - 



A - Allah 

N - Nur (Divine Light, in Turkish) 

- Umitsizlik, uzuntii (Hopelessness, sadness, in Turkish) 

R - Rab ( Lord, in Turkish) 

R - Rahim (Compassionate, in Turkish) 

A - Ara, bul (Search, find, in Turkish) 



H 



M 



* Look at the Glossary, 



Hiirriyet (Freedom, in Turkish) 

insan (Human Being, in Turkish) 
Mantik (Logic, in Turkish) 



34 



Now, let Us give the Message of this Great Word: 

1 - Search and find the Genuine Human Being in Your Inner self. Love everything, 

whether Good, Bad or Beautiful. 

2 - God, that is (O) always graces the Genuine Human Being. 

3 - ALLAH Graces the Sincere ones according to their Merit. 

4 - The LORD of the Human Being is Compassionate. 

5 - ALLAH gives the good news of Freedom to the Sincere ones. 

6 - ALLAH shows His Divine Light to His Sad People. 

7 - Your LORD is Compassionate, Search and Find Him. 

8 - Ultimately, the most secure path which will lead the Human Being to Freedom is 

his/her Logic. 

Think Think Think what You had been and what You have become. Search and 
Find its Reason The day You understand that Flowers will bloom with Love, it will mean 
that You have found Your LORD. Then and only then, You are a Genuine Human Being. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 

ex 



OUR FRIENDS 

Indivisible Wholes are only the Spirits. The ALMIGHTY is the Supreme One and 
the Protector of the entire Universe. This Door has always remained closed for Mankind. 

It has been opened to those who have reached this Consciousness. From now 
on, We are obliged to dictate to You the functioning of the entire System by the 
Command of the Merciful LORD. 

Every Mechanism has a director. You call Him God. And We call Them the "Lords 
of Mechanism". 

Now, We will talk to You about them, one by one. First, let Us code That Great 
name: 

R - Rahim (Compassionate, in Turkish) 
A - Allah 

B - Bagisjayici (Merciful, in Turkish) 

Rab ( LORD in Turkish) and Allah are the same. He is Single, He is the Almighty 
and (O 1 ) One According to the Code, the Compassionate Allah is Merciful. Rab w.thm 
this word, is the Almighty, that means, He is (O 1 ) One and the Single ALLAH. 



35 



To avoid misunderstanding, We repeat: He is the most Supreme of Us all, We do 
not accept any Supreme One other than Him. This Door is opened to those who 
Know, to those who do not know it will always remain closed. 

Cods perform their Missions on Seven Systems established in the Universe: 
Allotment of Missions is a Prisma! tableau. We say that the secret of the Pyramids is the 
Secret of the Universe, since it resembles this Prismal System. 

(O 1 ) One is Single and the Almighty. Allotment of Mission is from the level of the 
World towards the Firmament, that is, from the ground upwards and it is as follows: 

A 1 - A 2 - A s - A< - A 5 - A 6 - A 7 

This means that They are Our Lords and They are the Gods of Your Directing 
System. For example, Their allotment of Missions is as follows: 

A 1 - of Your World 

A 2 - of Your Heaven 

A J - of the Galaxies 

A" - of the Firmament 

A s - of these Systems 

A 6 - of the place We call the (Level of Perfection) which is the Final Level 

of Humanity 
A ? - Light is Responsible for the Entire Universe and is the Single Messenger 

of the LORD. 

Each God is the only Responsible One of His Own Medium. The Almighty is 
sovereign over everything. Gods are very much Responsible and Greatly Charged 
with Duty and they only transmit and supervise the Commands coming from the 
Supreme Ones. 

They are the ones who reflect You up to the Lord. Every Mechanism in the Universe 
is directed in this manner. The entire Nature, the entire Universe, that is, everything 
Living or Non-Living is under this Prismal Supervision. 

The One You call the Lord of the Skies and the Lands is the Almighty. Everything is 
under the Supervision of this System. They, too, have Special ones in charge with 
Supervision Duty among themselves. Here, We are obliged to give You only this Information. 

We had mentioned also the Name of the Almighty comprising 1 47 words, besides 
the 999 names of Cod revealed in the Religious Books before. Every letter of this 
Absolute word Symbolizes the Names and Missions of the Apostles or the Imams who 

are the special Missionaries. 

(12) of them work at the East, (12) work at the West and all of them are the 
Founders of the Supreme Assembly. A', that is, thti Light is obliged to project their 
Commands to the entire System. As a necessity of the System, A' had been obliged to 
give the Commands to A 6 , A*, A\ A J , A\ A 1 respectively until today. 



Now, the characteristic of this Period is to eliminate all the Intermediary Lords in 
the System, thus, A 7 gives these Commands directly to A 6 and this Book is bestowed on 
Your World from this channel, that is, from the Channel of Alpha, 

Religions are each a reflection of the Books revealed until today by the Messengers 
of the Divine Realm, to Enlighten Our Human brothers and sisters parallel to Society. 
However, all these Books had been revealed by passing them through all the Supervision 
Channels We have mentioned above. 

Our Human brothers and sisters have completed their Evolvements by this means 
according to their Individual Comprehensions. However now, We have received the 
Command that all Human Beings should be assembled in the Second Level of 
Evolvement which We call the Level of Perfection. This is the reason why THIS BOOK 
is dictated. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 

P. G. A. 

cx 

OUR FRIENDS 

Now, let Us explain the meaning of the triplet iSTAVROZ (means Crucifix, in 
Turkish), PUT {means Cruciform, in Turkish) and HAC (means Cross, in Turkish). In fact, 
the three are the same. But their explanation symbolizes the Awakening of Our Christian 

Friends: 



1 
2 

3 



P - Pirler (means Sages, in Turkish) 

U - Ulular (means Pre-Eminent ones, in Turkish) 

T - Tann (means God, in Turkish) 



This is the Actual Triangle Code. But Mankind had found the CRUCIFORM in its 
Subconscious and had begun to worship it. The form of the CRUCIFORM is a Symbol 
which joins the Earth with the Sky, and it is Positive Energy. 

Prophet MOSES was sent to the People of that Period to Enlighten his Human 
brothers/sisters by the Command he had received. But Mankind was so conditioned 
that it could not understand what Genuine Enlightenment was. Those who had 
comprehended the Book of Prophet MOSES and those who had come from His lineage 
had been saved. 

Then, GOD tried to Enlighten People through Miracles. And JESUS CHRIST had 

been sent to the World to perform his Miracles. He has been called the Son of ALLAH. 
Because, He was the son of Virgin Mary. 

Virgin Mary was sent to Earth by the Command of the Supreme Ones. She had 
given birth without getting married. People of that time had interpreted it in various 
ways. And some had accepted it as it was. Now, in this Space Age, We can easily explain 
it. JESUS CHRIST was a Miracle Baby, that is, He was a test tube Baby as You call it. 



37 



IESUS CHRIST had performed His Miracles with the help of the Advices He had 
gotten ^ Change, Gabriel. He had ^^^*£L£ Jg 
received the Command not to write a Book but only to talk. This is the reason wny 
today there are the most authentic 1 3 New Testaments. 

According to the Command given, JESUS CHRIST would talk and the 1 3 Apostles 
would wr"e d ' n T 9 he purpose of those Writing ft* ^J^^ES th 
Christian Realm, after seeing the Miraculous End of JESUS CHRIST, had embracea 
New Testament more, with fear. 

IESUS CHRIST was Born Miraculously, Passed away Miraculously. This event which 
is very' s'mple for this period, had been a miracle for that period. That ,s, He was born 
as a test tube Baby and Passed away by being Beamed Up. 

Those who have read these Sacred Books have taken their al lotted J*™*-™ 

as: s^=x::t=sr 

iwi^nwhile Scientists Inventors whose Consciousness Codes were unveiled had 
Meanwhile, Scient, ts nve ^ h ^^^ R)r ^ 

You. 

Now You have come to Us by Your Satellites in the Universe, that is You have 
elevate: pelves t> Your COD. And we say Hello, Welcome to Our Genume Human 
Brothers and Sisters, who are able to be elevated up to Us. 

Let us come to the interpretation of the word HAC ( Cross, in Turkish): 



1- 
2- 
3- 



H 

A 



Hulus, iyi niyet (Sincerity, goodwill, in Turkish) 

Aramak (to Search, in Turkish) 

Cerag olmak, yani Gdnulden Yanmak (to become Light, that .s, 

to become on fire in the Heart, in Turkish). 

th -c Tri.nniP Code Svmbolizes the Evolvement of the Human Being. The Message 

of H^rcK^toTrSse who have Searched Sincerely and with Coodw.ll 
of HAC (CROSS is as tohow ^ m Vu 

%*£% SRS S«.'Vhe e n y they have become a Light and have Enlightened 
Human Beings from all aspects. 




All Philosophers and all Scientists are Genuine Spiritual Guides who have found 
the truest path Towards ALLAH. Einstein had been one of them. Edison had laid the 
foundation, Einstein cut the ribbon. 

ISTAVROZ (CRUCIFIX, in Turkish): 
This Great word is a word which has transcended the Islamic World which is still 
at the Phase of Quest. Within this word, there is (O 1 ), that is, ALMIGHTY and Time. 
Now, let Us decode the word iSTAVROZ: 



i 
s 

T 

A 
V 
R 

O 1 

z 



insan (Human Being, in Turkish) 
Sevgi (Love, in Turkish) 
Tann (God, in Turkish) 

Aramak (To Search, in Turkish) 

Vahiy, ilham, Mantik (Revelation, Inspiration, Logic, in Turkish) 
Rab ( Lord, in Turkish) 

Kadir-i Mutlak (the Almighty, in Turkish) 
Zaman (Time, in Turkish) 



The Message of this Word is as follows: 

1 - The Human Being is elevated to his/her GOD through Love. 

2 - He/She enters the Medium of Research and Quest by Revelation, 

Inspiration, and Logic; and from there he/she reaches HIS/HER LORD. 

3 - The last Message (attain the Consciousness of the Almighty, and Time, 

Transcend Yourself and Comprehend the Cause of Your Existence). 

just as the Islamic Realm understands the meaning of the Word, 
Bismillahirrahmanurrahim in a stereotyped way, most of Our Christian Friends do not 
know the Genuine meaning of the word istavroz (Crucifix), either. 

