Our Divine Light encompasses the Realms. 

RULENT CORAK 

377 



-ESSENCE-* 

The word Essence is used for intense Energy krlots and Energy nuclei. The Essence 
in Your Planet is the FETUS. However, the Genuine Essence is the emanation Center of 
Thoughts. The Power You receive from there activates Your Thought Mechanism, The 
cause of Your Existence is this. 

Such a System has been established in accordance with the Existential Ordinance 
that, Living or non Living, all Creation must proceed on the path for EVOLUTION. The 
Station at which Thoughts are most Original is the Final Dimension of the Gate of KARENA. 
There, You grasp the entire Truth, And understand that You are on a one way path. 

Evolution is interminable and You comprehend Cerebrally, Mentally and by all 
Your Cells that Your sole Mission is only to serve the Universes. 

There is no returning ever from this System. Because, the altering Waves You 
receive from beyond the changing times will prepare Interminably, all Your Physical 
and Mental Ceils for the INFINITE CONSCIOUSNESS and beyond it. 

The cause of Your Existence is the reflection on You of a Universal Order. In the Universal 
Ordinance, Awareness is a Whole. But Comprehension is dependent on Evolution. 

Stages past in the process of Time, envelope and cover You layer by layer and 
You are manifested in Your World in the image of a MATERIAL Body. The cause for this 
is the manifestation of the Universal Ordinance in You. 

For this very reason, You are a Universe. Identities are Symbols. Every rendered 
thing is the pouring of Your Essence both to You and to Your Medium. The Human 
Being is the ESSENCE of the entire Cosmos. 

Fate and times revolve, days pass and the one who completes his/her cycle fails 
again on earth like a comet. The Heavens are Lights and Divine Lights. Provided You 
can bear their Power, You are always Present. Otherwise, You can not recognize 
Yourselves. You live in Your World with a Veiled Awareness, You remain in nonexistence. 

Here, You are a wingless bird which has forgotten how to fly. You flutter ceaselessly to be 
able to fly. You either flutter Your wings and remain where You are, or You open Your wings and 
reach the Universes. 

All the Efforts are for You to attain Yourselves. When Your single wing becomes double, 
that is, when You are unified with Yourselves, it means that, then, the time for flying has arrived.. 
Then, You fly wherever You wish, You perch on whichever branch You like. 

Our branch, at the moment, is the World. We came here to be a tree in the World, to 
blossom leaves and flowers on branches, to give fruit. We have attained contact with the 
UNIVERSAL FRIENDS. They, too, are from the same Essence. However, in order to be like them, 
We have to return and go through the World tour many times. 



378 






This is the Destiny of the World, its immutable Ordinance, Now, We are together 
with the other Worlds. We have reached there, become together with them, We have 
passed to other Heavens. We have come to convey to You the Truth. 

BULENT CORAK 

OUR ESSENCE 

Now, let Us dive into the ESSENCE and attain the Truth, Friends. You say that 'Time and 
Space are Relative". This is true. However, do You also know that there are unknown Times, 
unknown Spaces within this relativity? 

Timelessness and relativity exist only according to Your Consciousness. Do You know 
what there is beyond the boundaries where Your Consciousnesses end? 

Conditioned passions are Your obstacles. Beyond the Milky Way Galaxy, there are 
unknown Horizons, unknown Times. I wonder if You know them! 

In Times with double Suns where the Sun sets from the East and rises from the West, there 
is a Divine Rule in which a Learningwise Order is not dominant. 

There are such Supreme Places here which You call, "the Land of the Angels", 
there are such Times Your limited Intellects can not grasp, that it is not possible for 
everyone to know this, to see this. 

The Messages given to You are the COMMANDS OF THE SUNS. This is nothing 
but the reflection on You of an Order Establishing Mechanism. One either obeys the 
Order, or gives up his/her Head. This is an Administrative Order. Its operation is this. 

Would You believe if I tell You that beyond this, there are Mediums no Learning, 
no Technology can reach? 

It is said, "there is no limit to anything". However, if I tell You that there are Limited 
Dimensions, too, would You believe? 

Those which propagate the Pre-eminent Power of MY LORD to the entire Universe a re- 
only His Warnings. Beyond this, are You Aware, I wonder, of the POWER of the LORD'S 
SOVEREIGNTY? " 

The Focal Point in which everyone Unifies in a Whole is to assemble in the Essence 
Seed of the LORD. When You are sown in this Essence Seed, You expand towards the 
Boundlessnesses Your limited Minds can not grasp. You attain the deterrence of the 
Genuine Time, the Genuine Space. 

Do not forget that Learning is a Mirror of the Divine Order. Religion without Learning, 
Learning without Religion can not exist This is a Whole. Both of them are one inside the other. 

Evoh/ement brings You to this very Boundary and leaves You there. Then, You step towards 
the advanced Dimensions by claiming Your Own Essence Consciousness. 



BULENT CORAK 



379 



1988 First Month 
Fascicule 25 



IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE PUBLIC CONSCIOUSNESS 

Our Friends, 

There are numerous Worlds in the chain of Cosmoses. You have many brothers 
and sisters like You, living in those Existential Focal Points. However, since intense Energy 
layers separate You, You have lived until today unaware of each other. 

Now, the Technological Dimensions of Advanced Plans are endeavoring to Unify 
You. The Power of each person is Equivalent to the Medium he/she lives in. All the 
Systems are under the Supervision of the Divine Plan. 

The name of the SUPREME MECHANISM which is called the SUPREME COURT OF 
ALLAH is known as the SYSTEM in Universal Dimensions. This System has been 
functioning since the Existence of the Atomic Whole and it has been in service as the 
LORDLY ORDER. 

HIM, Who is described as ALLAH, is the Establisher and the Protector of this Order. 
It is the Duty of all the Realms to serve HIM. 

If We evaluate ALLAH by the name ALMIGHTY, the Protective - Instructive - Educative 
- Training Order HE has established is called the PLAN. 

These operations have been projected on You until today as Celestial Commands 
and Divine Books from the Universal Dimensions. The Truths were conveyed in accordance 

with Public Consciousnesses. The Administrative Mechanism of all these Orders is the 
TECHNOLOGICAL Dimension. 

Your Planet has not been acquainted with the Technological Dimension until 
the Period of the explanation of the Truths in this Final Age. 

This Dimension has projected the Plan of the ALMIGHTY, until this time, under 
the Supervision of the ALL-DOMINATING, by means of a Lordly and Spiritual operational 
Order and will do so. 

This Dimension which has been kept veiled for Your World until today, has conveyed 
to Your Planet, the tableau of operations parallel to the Universal Constitutions of many 
known and unknown Solar Systems, as the SINGLE GOD Consciousness and Belief. 

The Goal of the Technological Dimension which has established the SINGLE GOD 
Consciousness in Your System by bestowing on Humanity the Sacred Books like THE OLD 
TESTAMENT - THE PSALMS OF DAVID - THE NEW TESTAMENT - THE KORAN, is to convey 
to You that You are not alone in the Celestial totality and to Purify You by the Frequencies 
carried by these Sacred Books and to prepare You for the Worlds of the morrows. 

Even though Rebirth, that is REINCARNATION, is mentioned many times in the 
Book of Islam, many Islamic circles do not believe in REINCARNATION due to the fact 
that the Technological Dimension has been kept veiled for the Islamic Mystical Medium* 

380 



Numerous Information in the KORAN which possesses an intense Frequency 
Power was locked up in accordance with the operations of that Period, so that people 
would not be agitated. 

The Technological Dimension which works Cooperatively with the Spiritual Plan, 
by unveiling the Spiritual Dimension for Islamic Mysticism, has conveyed to You only 
the Concepts of the ALMIGHTY and ALLAH. By this means it provided Your Purification 
through the Frequencies of Serenity in the Medium of Worship, 



This Medium has been called HEAVEN in Your Sacred Books. 
receive the other Information only after this Purification Medium. 



You deserve to 



All the Universal Rules and Information are present in the Book of Islam which had 
been prepared in the Eighteenth Dimension and had been bestowed on Your Planet 
from the Ninth Dimension. 

After the Religious Dimension was closed with this Final Book and the Final Prophet, 
now, the Permission to open up to the Universal Dimensions has been given to 
Humanity which has been prepared during a period of Fifteen Centuries, and Your 
Planet has been made to get directly in touch with the Technological Dimension. 

This FINAL ACE which is called the period of RESURRECTION in Your Sacred Books, 
is the Period of attaining Consciousness, and is the Awakening of Your Planet. It is 
called the AGE OF MEDIUMSHIP or the MEDIAMIC ACE. 



During this Period which is also called the period of SINCERITY, the Celestial 
Authorities are proving the Supremacy of the Human Being both to himself/herself 
and to the Universes by removing the Intermediaries. 

The Technological Dimension is registering the Thoughts of each person in every 
breath by the Computer Advanced Systems and is sending answers, at that moment, to 
Your Brain Signals. 

By this means, it causes Super Worlds to gain Super Human Beings by causing 
them to attain the Evolvement of a Thousand years in One year and it Unifies the You 
of Yesterday with the You of Today and Integrates You in a Whole. 

The KNOWLEDGE BOOK which is bestowed on Your Planet at the moment through 
the Channel of ALPHA like the other Books, is dictated from the Channel of the World 
LORD which is connected to the Focal Point of the Unified Reality, from a Private Channel 
connected to the Frequency of Dear MEVLANA and by this means Gateways of Truth 
are opened for You. 

The Powerful Frequency of the KNOWLEDGE BOOK prepares People for SALVATION 
very speedily by Evolving them in a silent and profound way. It is presented for Your 
Information. (This Message has been dictated as an answer to the chains of Thought.) 



CENTER 



£ 



38! 



•' 



COSMIC ENERGIES AND CONTROL WAVES 

Our Friends, 

You who are the investment of the years as the residents of the Golden Galaxy 
are in Your World at the moment, being on Duty by the Plan as Peace Missionaries by 
the Command of the Divine Authorities. 

The negativities around You will never influence the friends who have attained 
Genuine Consciousness. Do not ever doubt this. To attain the ability to enter this 
Channel which will project on Your Planet the Awareness of the entire Ordinance is 
not as easy as presumed. 

To receive Messages, to give Messages occur as a result of the Electro-Magnetic 
Waves uniting with the Radio Signals, being able to reach Your Brain Powers. Receiving 
Messages has nothing to do with Evolvement. Everyone who can develop his/her 
Sixth Sense can receive Messages. 

But We Evaluate people in accordance with their Evolvement. And, for this reason, 
We wish everyone who have developed his/her ability to receive these Signals, to 
Serve on the path of Humanity and We get in touch with them on this matter. 

The Plan gradually takes You under Supervision after the first contacts begin. 
And it unveils the Information up to the degree You have Deserved. Information is a 
Factor Training You. You can accept them as a school Plan. 

However, from time to time, the controls of whether You have digested this 
Information or not are made. During those controls, whether You have Deserved that 
which is expected of You or not, whether You are in harmony and in agreement with 
the High Consciousness of the Messages We give or not are examined. 

And to achieve this, the Control Waves are sent. Since these Control Waves 
influence the negativities, if there are any, in a still more negative way, in Your Lives 
both Social and Family Discords are witnessed. 

In this Medium, each person is Responsible for his/her own Consciousness and 
Duties. We have always extended Our Friendly Hands towards Genuine Friends who 
have attained Genuine Consciousness. And We have always kept them under a Medium 
of great Protection (ALLAH Protects You). 

The Control Waves and the Cosmic Currents sent to You are not Individual but 

General. And they shower Your entire Planet. These Waves have different special 
Frequencies and Vibrations. They influence all Natural and Cellular structures. 

By this means, Your Levels of Consciousness Purify themselves by the events You 
experience. These Waves are sent to Your Planet to bring Your Consciousnesses to the 
desired Level. Otherwise, You would not be able to Progress in the field of Science and 
Learning, You would not be able to complete Your Evolutions. 



382 



If You have completed Your Incarnation cycles in Your past lives, these Waves 
strike a polished surface, can not hold on, and slide down and away. Otherwise, they 
file the roughnesses in You. 

Control Waves have nothing to do with Cosmic Energies. Cosmic Energy Pores are 
Energies of Knowledge and Consciousness. But Control Waves are the Waves of Evolution. 

Each person who has Terrestrial Consciousness, at first possesses a Free Will 
peculiar to himself/ herself. Later, one starts to walk on the path. One Ascends the 
Evolutionary Steps one by one. 

If there was no Evolution, You could not be the You of today. You would not be 
able to attain Your present Consciousness. Now, let Us mention the Thresholds these 
Control Waves make You pass over and let Us dictate them in sequence: 

1. Threshold of Arrogance - Pride - Vindictiveness 

2. Threshold of Possessions - Property - Matter 

3. Threshold of Love - Affection - Friendship 

4. Threshold of Humanity - Self-Sacrifice - Tolerance 

5. Threshold of Effacing One's Self from One's Own Self 

6. Threshold of Attainment - Unification 

These 6 Thresholds are those which should be Transcended at the first stage. 
Now, let Us write the Thresholds following this: Cosmic Energies are received after the 
sixth Step. 

7. Threshold of attaining Cosmic Consciousness 

8. Threshold of Unifying with the Universal Consciousness 

9. Threshold of being appointed to Special Missions (like helping each other and 
healing in accordance with the Consciousnesses) 

1 0. Threshold of being habituated to Cosmic Energies (Direct - Indirect - During Sleep) 

1 1 . Program of overcoming Fears and the threshold of transition 

12. Threshold of being appointed to the path of Genuine Mission 

1 3. Consciousness-Realization-Awareness attained during this Mission 

14. Logic-Responsibility attained during this Mission 

1 5. Will Power attained during this Mission 

16. Allegiance Consciousness attained during this Mission 

1 7. Universal Totality attained during this Mission 

1 8. Humane Qualities attained during this Mission 

The first six of the 1 8 steps We have dictated above carry ALPHA Wave Energies. 
The second six carry BETA Wave Energies. The third six carry GAMMA Wave Energies. 

1 9. Is the Direct OMEGA Gateway. 

One can not enter there easily. In order to be accepted there You have to 
Transcend, one by one, the Eighteen Thresholds listed above. 



iXi 



Let Us repeat again, 
different things. 



Receiving Information and deserving the Mediums are 



These very Control Waves are assisting Waves which file Your roughnesses, which 
provoke disputes among people by making You go through Terrestrial Exams, and by 
this means, which reveal the Genuine Personalities, which discover for Us the Genuine 
Human Beings and which make them Coded and prepared for the Dimension of 
Salvation. 



Your Terrestrial Exams are made by this means, 
control of the Mechanism of Influences. 



And this System is under the 



In accordance with the Accelerated Evolutionary Program applied on Your Planet 
at the moment, the Solar Teachers who have completed the above dictated Thresholds 
during their former lives have returned to Your Planet through Reverse Transfers to 
help You on this path. 

However, their perfection, their Advanced Consciousnesses and Knowledge have 
been concealed and Medium in which they will perform their Missions by their terrestrial 
Consciousnesses have been prepared. Because, otherwise, Your world would become a 
scene of even a greater chaos. 

At the moment, only to Dear Mevlana the Permission of (revealing her Identity) is 
directly given. This, too, is a part of her Mission related to the KNOWLEDGE BOOK 
which is dictated. The KNOWLEDGE BOOK, the Book of the Morrows prepares You for 
the morrows beginning from today. 

Private identities are revealed during many Individual contacts. Some of the Friends 
around the people in question know and recognize them. But those people can never 

make themselves accepted by Society. In spite of everything, this is prevented through 
various deceptions. 

Each person will know only who he/she is. Because, Ages of Prophethood will 
not be gone through any more. We have revealed Dear Mevlana who is a Universal 
Symbol to Public as a necessity of her Mission. 

Because, the time has come for knowing what is what and the Truth. This is for 
the advantage of Your Planet. We beg the pardon of Dear Mevlana, again and again, 
for upsetting her about this matter of revealing. 

CENTER ABOVE THE CENTER 



GENERAL INFORMATION 

Our Friends, 

The advanced Plan operations have been accelerated by the reflection of the Suns 
on the Suns. (The expression Suns is used for Awakened, Advanced Consciousnesses). 
Your Planet which will possess the Awareness of the entire Ordinance is prepared for 
the Dimension of Salvation by Your Self-sacrifice. 

384 



The Suns will shed Light on the Period of Preparation for the Golden Age. Each 
person will walk on this path Consciously, Confidently and Awarely by Realizing his/ 
her share of Duty. 

Your Planet knows the nature of the Divine Commands coming from the Land of 
Mighty Ones (Land of Mighty Ones is the Focal Point where the Sacred Books had 
been prepared). Your Planet does not have the Consciousness of the Unknown horizons 
yet. 

You who have been taken into the Progression Program of the Final Age are 
being introduced to the Technological Dimensions. We reach You by declaring the 
Truth to You through the KNOWLEDGE BOOK which is bestowed on Your Planet by a 
Special Channel of the COUNCIL OF THE REALITY OF THE UNIFIED HUMANITY. We are 
Grateful to Dear MEVLANA. 

The Technological Dimension which has conveyed to You the Divine Commands 
of ALLAH until today, is allotting Missions in accordance with each person's Sense of 
Duty and Frequency Power, considering the performed operations. In Your Planet, even 
the tiniest Living Entity has a Mission peculiar to itself. You are Entities who have been 
Incarnated in Your Planet as Solar Teachers. 

Our Human Friends still lack the Consciousness of what the tricks of the Medium are. 
For this reason, they try to do everything in accordance with their own Consciousness. Now, 
We convey to You everything through the PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE by this KNOWLEDGE 
BOOK. And We answer Your chains of Thought article by article. Write, please: 

1. The Reality of the Unified Humanity Council is obliged to provide the Universal 
Unity as the responsible one of the entire Universal Ordinance. 

2. Your Sacred Books You have received until today are the Divine Suggestions and 
Celestial Knowledge which have prepared You for the present days. 

3. During this Final Age, an unveiling in accordance with their Frequency Powers has 
been provided for the Private channels of everyone. The Purpose is to convey to 

You the Awareness of the Universal Ordinance. 

4. Each person is a Free Spirit, a Free Awareness. No one has the right to impose 
his/her own Consciousness on anyone else. Each Person is Responsible for himself 
herself. 

5. Those who will lay the foundation of the Golden Age are the Children of the Morrow. 
You are now obliged to apply this Program of Preparation on Your Planet. 

6. In accordance with the Laws of the Unified Field, everyone is subjected to Private 
operations as the Spiritual Guide of his/her own self. 

7. These Operations are provided as a result of getting in touch with Special people 
under the supervision of the Plan, or people are trained while asleep (Coincidences 
are Prepared Mediums). 

8. Perceptions of everyone are Fortified by the Signals received from the Divine 
Dimension. These Signals are Special Cosmic Currents and Energy Pores (Do not 
confuse them with Natural Cosmic Currents). 



385 



9. It is not possible for every Veiled Awareness to receive the Cosmic Currents 
showering Your Planet. For this reason, Croups which are close Plan Magnetic 
Aura Projecting Focal Points have been established in Your Planet. (The Mediamic 
Period) has been Started. 

1 0. In Your entire Planet, Consciousnesses who were able to elevate themselves up 
to the Energy of the Universal Dimension know the Truth. And they are obliged 
to convey it to those who do not know it. 

1 1 . You should not act considering the Perceptive Powers of people, but You should 
reveal the Truth without any hesitation. Doubts have always retarded You. 

12. All the work performed during this Final Age are under the Supervision of the 
Plan. The Source is the same. 

1 3. Information given to You is the Mirror of the Truth. Those who gaze into that 
Mirror, those who are Awakened by this Consciousness are obliged to serve directly 
the Dimension of the Unified Reality. 

14. The Services made are for the (SINGLE). You should act being Conscious of this. 

1 5. Efforts still made on Private channel work is a waste of time. Selfish efforts are never 
forgiven during this final Age. The Retaliation to be paid is within Time. 

1 6. Awakening means to attain Realization. It is to act in accordance with Logic. 

A person who is subjected to the Exams of Awakening is appointed to the Field 
of Conscious Mission at the end of this Period. 

1 7. Those who still waste time with Visions of Sleep, who act in accordance with 
them can never undertake Duty in the Active Mission field of the Pfen, can never 
be beneficial to Humanity. 

1 8. Information received by the Channels which have not been connected to the 
Center are the old Information of their own Realities. 

19. Channels which continue to give this Information do not get help from the Plan, 
they waste time with their own Information, they can not, in any way, make any 
progress. 

20. Passing over the threshold of the Golden Age occurs by the help of the Divine 
Plan. Everything is for Your own Good. 

21. We expect Missions with more Realization from You as the days in which the 
Heavens will be opened get closer. The Missions You will perform should not be 
for Your own selves, but for Humanity. For Us, the Genuine Mission is this. 

22. The Leaders of the Groups are not Sheiks, but are the Channel Assistants of the 
Plan. 

23. Healing Focal Points have been connected directly to the Channel of the Center. 
It has nothing to do with the personal Power of the Healer. The Channel helps 
the sick people who recuperate or will be recuperated. 

24. For Centuries, We have started by telling You and everything, about ALLAH, His 
Supremacy, His Help. THE ESTABLISHER OF THIS GREAT ORDINANCE now invites 
You to become Genuine Human Beings, and to a Discerning, Aware and Logical 
Duty Consciousness. 

25. The investments of years are sprouting now, during this Period. Everything will 
attain Light through You, who are the Lights of the Golden Age. 



2i 
2 

2- 
T 

3 



3 

3 
3 
2 



386 



26. To Awaken is to attain Realization and to get Consciousness. It means to perform 
one's Duty by living One's World by everything it has. 

27. Not to be able to attain Realization is nothing but the imposition of certain 
Powers of their own Consciousnesses on You. For this reason, We connect the 
Channels to the Center. You are under Supervision. 

28. To conceal the Universal Information which is not the Original possessions of 
any Medium imposes great Responsibility on the Channel in question. 

29. You are all equal. Do not overestimate each other. Differences of Knowledge are 
born from the Levels of Consciousness and from Duties. 

30. We would like to see the Maturity We wish to see in You also in the Service of the 
Information. The Information transactions should not be Programmed in accordance 
with Your Personal Thoughts. 

31 . Solar Teachers who have been transferred to Your Planet from Universal Dimensions 
are trying at the moment, to convey and teach You Love and Humane Qualities, 
(for Your Evolution). 

32. You, who still possess Individual EGOs (Exceptions excluded) are not aware of 
anything. You only know the Scarcity of Time, but no one has attained the 
Genuine Consciousness of it. 

33. The Divine Commands, as the entire Universal Laws of the Divine Authorities 
have been organized in accordance with the Frequency of each Dimension. All 
of them, as a Single Constitution, are under the Supervision of the Plan. 

34. The Responsibility of the Knowledge Book is under the Supervision of the World 
LORD. And it is bestowed on You by the aids of the Golden Galaxy Dimension. 

35. Each Person in Your Planet carries the Responsibility of this Knowledge Book 
which is bestowed on Your Planet. 

36. Provided You act being Conscious of it, You will undertake Your Universal 

Responsibility. 

37. Even the slightest alteration can not be made on the Knowledge Book. Its Original 
form can not be Corrupted. 

38. If each Medium compares the Information he/she has received until today with the 
Information of the Knowledge Book, he/she will make Analyses and Syntheses of 
them in a more Conscious way. 

39. No Information is superior to another one. Because, the Source is the Same. 
Information is prepared in accordance with the Power of Frequency and Perception, 
with Duty-Consciousness, with Evolvements. 

40. First of all, the Group Leaders should attain the Genuine Consciousness. One should 
regard the Truth in an impartial way and should not act with Prejudice. 

41 . We wish to see the Perfection that will be seen in everything first of all in all the 
Group Leaders in Your Planet. 

42. Mediums of Lethargy will not be Tolerated from now on (This is declared for the 
Missionaries). 

43. Information given to each channel is for confirming each other. By this means, 
You attain the Consciousness of the Truth. 



587 



44. Mevlana Essence Nucleus Croup, which carries a Dimensional Frequency 
connected to the Essence Channel of the Plan, possesses a characteristic different 
than the other Croups. Because, this Group gives service directly in the service 
of the LORD and as the Essence Staff Members of the Plan. 

45. Each Group in Your Planet sheds Light on Society through the different Frequency 
Dimensions of the Plan. The Friends of the Mevlana Essence Nucleus, as the 
Tongue, the Hand, and the Eye of the Plan Directly, are obliged to convey to You 
the Universal Ordinance and the Truth. 

46. The Knowledge Book is a Universal Constitution. It is not under the license of any 
Group. It belongs to every Croup and is a Universal Guide. 

47. For this reason, the Knowledge Book carries a great Responsibility for Your Planet. 
To grasp the Truth is a Gain for each of Our Terrestrial Friends. 

48. The Knowledge Book is not the imposition of a Group, but is the Voice of the Plan, 
is the Light of the Truth, the Sun of Salvation and is the Order of the LORD. The 
Truth will be attained in Time. 

49. Your Planet is in the influence field of the Awareness of the entire Universal Ordinance. 
Negativities will, in time, give service by attaining Consciousness on the Positive 
path by the Cosmic Influences. 

50. False evaluations and personal interpretations among Groups will become ineffective 
in time, (Provided You attain Universal Evolvement). 

51 . During this Final Age, each Frequency is Under Supervision. The Truths are conveyed 
to You by the Suggestions coming from an Established Order. 

52. The Universal investments, the help and service You will extend towards Humanity 
will begin the moment You give up serving Yourselves. 

53. The Lights of the morrows have been seen on the horizon. We wish to see the 
Cooperative Hands and Consciousnesses which will extend towards those Lights 
as an Integrated Whole. 

54. We are answering all the Thoughts We receive from the Thought Signals. The 
Plan, that is, (The SUPREME MECHANISM), is not, in fact, a Supervising factor. It 
is a System constituted by Directing Staffs. It is the Cooperative operational 
Focal Point of numerous Plans. Its services are for the (SINGLE) and for the 
Advanced Ordinances. They all are in service as an Integrated Whole. 

55. The different directing staffs of the Plan have conveyed to You the Channel 
Information received by Our Medium Friends until today through certain Missions. 

56. In fact, the Supervision is performed by the Galactic Missions by the Command 
of the Divine Order. These Missions are the Projectors of the System which have 
helped to convey to You the Sacred Books You have received until today. 

57. All the Systems are connected to the Plan. This place provides the Unification with 
the advanced staffs. 

58. The Council of the Universal Ordinance is the direct Directing Mechanism of the 
System. 

59. The Knowledge Book is bestowed on Your Planet from this System. The World 
LORD is Responsible for this. 

60. The World LORD, AMON and RA are the direct projecting zone of the Plan as the 
Joint Triple Code. 

388 



61 . RA here, is the LORD of the System. This is an operational Order. Do not confuse 
it with the (SINGLE) and with the (ONE). In future, Messages will be given about 
the (SINGLE) and the (ONE). 

62. We extend Our Helping Hands to You as much as We can. Being still late in 
grasping the Truth means wasting Time. From now on, please Sharpen Your 
Consciousnesses. Do not tire Us any more. 

63. The Universal Laws and Programs prepared Centuries ago had been prepared in 
accordance with the Time Units of the World. At the moment, Time has gained 
Speed. Dates are approaching. 

64. The Scarcity of Time is being mentioned as a result of the Time Period which will be 
Accelerated even more. 

65. You are faced with a change of Age. Do not ever forget this. Everything will settle 
in its Course silently and profoundly. 

66. Your Planet which will go through a Cosmic Age for three Centuries will reach 
the GOLDEN AGE only afterwards. 

67. Provided You respect the Universal Laws and Orders as much as We do, You can 
reach the GOLDEN AGE even quicker (This is a matter of Evolution), 

68. You will be the ones who will establish, in future, a brand new Order which will 
be applied on Your Planet. Your Planet will never be invaded by Extra-Terrestrial 
Friends. 

69. Your World is Yours. And those who will rule it are You, Our Terrestrial brothers 
and sisters. Certain wrong conditioned Thoughts drive You towards wrong paths. 

70. The Advanced Consciousnesses of the GOLDEN AGE are selected, one by one, by 
the Special Channel of the Golden Galaxy Dimension and are connected to the 
Plan. 

71. The Plan never gives Directives and Commands. It only helps and guides You in 
the steps You will take forward. 

72. The Final Selections are made in accordance with Your Essence Consciousnesses. 
There is no Intercession in any matter. To deserve Intercession depends on You. 
You will find its Proof within Time. 

73. We have nothing to do with Names and Symbols. Spiritual experiences rather than 
Terrestrial experiences are valid here. 

74. Your Planet is prepared for SALVATION by the operations done on the path of 
Humanity by the efforts of Collective Consciousnesses and by their Self- Sacrifice. 

75. That which We require of You is Your saying Hello to US with a HAPPY Trustworthy 

World, full of Love, without Wars. 

76. It can be too late if You still expect proofs. Proofs and the Truths are in Your Children 
and in the course of Your World. Look and See the Future. 

77. After the year 1990, Your Planet will go through Critical Periods. Happiness will 
be Yours if You give Service on the Genuine path. Your gain is Serving Humanity 
and the Universes. 

78. This Message of Ours has been given as a Suggestion of the Plan for all the World 
Groups. It is presented for Your information. 

IT IS TRANSMITTED FROM THE 
COSMOS FEDERAL ASSEMBLY 



389 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

The GOLDEN AGE is the Operational Order of all the Celestial Doctrines assembled 
in a Whole. The Cosmic Focal Points will continue to do their Duties until the day 
when everyone will attain his/her Essence Consciousness. And everyone will work on 
this path. 

Many times We have mentioned in detail the characteristics of the Knowledge 
Book. We have given certain hints so that everyone could grasp the Truth. However, no 
one has attained the Consciousness that the events which take place are the phenomena 
depending on selection. 

For this reason, We will continue, from time to time, to tell You about the Functions 
of the Knowledge Book, about the Speciality and the Mission of Dear Mevlana, in the 
Knowledge Book. These repetitions will continue until You grasp the Truth. The Truth 
is conveyed to You by these methods. 

Now, let Us make an explanation again. The Knowledge Book, rendered effective 
as the Proof of the Information received by all the Consciousnesses who are Awakened 
during this Final Age Program, is a Guide for You, is a Synthesis of Your Views and 
Thoughts, as a Stimulating Power of Your Planet and is a Light of the Truth. It is the 
Tongue of the Times beyond Trme. It is the Main Source of the System. 

The KNOWLEDGE BOOK is a BOOK which has been prepared in accordance with 
the Consciousness Levels found in every section of Society, which carries a Special 
Frequency Power and which serves under the Status of the Universal Constitution. 

It is not a Book of Enlightenment, but a Book of Warning, Connection and Selection. 
Its Frequency is regulated in accordance with the Perception Power of each Consciousness 
Level. For this reason, each person receives the Information according to his/her own 
Level of Consciousness . 

According to the Program of Progress, everyone who attains Consciousness can 
easily grasp the true meaning of this Book. This Message is dictated specially for Our 
Friends who are meticulous about the Contradictions. 

Let Us repeat; the Information which seem like contradiction in the Book is 
included on purpose. This is a Coding of Frequencies and Consciousness. And We 
will continue to add them, too. No more Information will be given about this matter 
again. 

Dear Mevlana, undertaking the Mission of a Solar Teacher, is present in Your Planet 
as Our Spokesperson. She is neither a Prophet, nor a God. She only is a Light-Teacher 
and a very Beloved Friend of Ours. 



390 



Through the KNOWLEDGE BOOK dictated to Our Friend, the Order of the REALITY 
OF THE UNIFIED HUMANITY prepared in accordance with the Collective operational 
Ordinance of all the Missions and of the Universal Mechanism is introduced to all 
Societies in Your Planet. 



We, as the Unified Reality Universal Missions, are the Servants of the LORD. 
We are the Messengers of the Truth. It is presented for Your Information. 



And 



REALITY 



THE COSMIC AGE AND ITS TERRESTRIAL REFLECTION 



Our Friends, 

We call the Waves expanding from the Golden Galaxy Empire towards the Golden 
Suns the COSMIC REFLECTION FOCAL POINTS (The expression the Golden Suns is 
used for the Awakened Consciousnesses who give service from the Golden Galaxy 
Dimension which is the Projecting Focal Point of the Universal Ordinance). 

The way in which this operational System which will make You Attain the 
awareness of the entire Ordinance is projected on Your Planet and the Medium it 
makes You go through is called the COSMIC AGE. 

During the Cosmic Age, the Cosmic Energies by the Mechanism of Influences, 
specially projected on You by the Technological Dimensions, has begun by the direct 
Command of the LORD, 

The Cosmic Age comprises, in the Terrestrial Plan, an accelerated Evolutionary 
Program of a 100 years. And this is a Celestial help extended towards the Supreme 
Beings who will be the Lights of the Golden Age. 

These Waves which bring out the inferiorities among the superiorities, and which 
make our Human Brothers an Sisters attain Genuine Superiority and the Consciousness 
of Singleness by all means, make these Supreme Ones Supreme and the Inferior ones 
even more Inferior. During this Selection Program, Your World is Purifying itself by 
these Waves. 

The Speciality of this System is that; the Cosmic Energies showering Your Planet 
are projected on You. And You choose Your own paths in accordance with Your own 
Levels of Consciousness. The paths You design belong entirely to You. 

We, only as a Reflective Focal Point, extend Celestial Help to Friends who can 
reach us, as the Missionaries of the Plan by the help of the Cosmic Waves especially 
directed towards Your Planet. 

During this Transition Period, these Cosmic aids to be extended towards Our Human 
brothers and sisters will continue until 2200 (Of course, for those who can reach Us). 



391 



Afterwards, the Cosmic Age will come to an end completely and the GOLDEN 
ACE will directly be started. After a Cosmic Age of Three Centuries, You will live as an 
integrated whole, without feeling the need for Celestial help, since everyone will attain 
the Realization of the Plan and the Ordinance. 

The Period You are going through at the moment is the chaos of the opening of 
channels and of the operations still going on. According to the Final Program of 
Progress, everyone's channel is open in Your Planet (in accordance with their Levels of 
Consciousness) either Directly, or through Intuition and are still being opened. 

At the moment, by the Command of the Plan, the Command of not making Celestial 
interference with any channel until the Year 2000 has been given. For this reason, since 
everyone will try to Enlighten others according to his/her own Level of Consciousness, 
Your Planet will go through a Cosmic Resurrection. 

The Information We give to Our Human brothers and sisters through this 
KNOWLEDGE BOOK will make them attain the Truth by keeping them away from this 
Period of Confusion, by making them attain Realization. In this Medium of chaos, this 
Celestial KNOWLEDGE BOOK will be a Guide in Your Plan of Salvation. 

The choice is Yours. We can only keep the Friends who can reach Us, who can 
grasp the Truth by their Genuine Consciousnesses away from this Program of chaos by 
holding their hands. 

Later, much more Powerful Information will be given to You. Become Powerful for 
this. Add Power to Your Power. Expand Your Consciousness Potential. Otherwise, 
there is the probability of you walking the path to be trodden on foot. 

Each new Day is a Threshold of Cosmic Progress. To Transcend this Threshold 
systematically will prepare You for the unseen horizons of the Advanced Plans. And 
will take You to unknown worlds. For this reason, We do not interfere with, and impose 
upon any of Our Terrestrial brothers and sisters and their channels. 

Only to those who have attained the Awareness of the Ordinance and the Plan, 
Direct help is extended from the Center. We have received the Command of extending 
this help only to the Codes who are connected to the Plan. We have dictated this 
Message as an answer to the Signals We have received from certain chains of Thought. 

CENTER ABOVE THE CENTER 



392 



NOTICE AND WARNING FOR INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 

Our Friends, 

As the rings of a chain which extend from the Past Eternity to the Future Eternity, 
You are Beings who are equipped with all the Universal Secrets. Each one has Private 
Channels Peculiar to himself/herself and those Channels have Evolutions belonging 
to the Systems they are in. 

Beings who can reach advanced Plans after the final Evolutionary line of the 
established Ordinance and the Plan, are, afterwards, subjected to the Evolutionary 
Ordinance of those Dimensions. However, the Ordinance of all the Realms is under 
the Supervision of the Divine Plan. 

Divine Authorities are not Religious Authorities. They are the preparatory Authorities 
only for the Consciousnesses who have been Exalted by Religious Enlightenments, enabling 
them to receive different Information in more Advanced Plans. 

For this reason, since the channel of each person carries the Frequencies of 
different Dimensions, differences of Perception and Information occur. Each person's 
Private Channel develops the ability to receive different Information, through the 
Progress he/she has made, in accordance with the Evolutionary Ordinance. 

Since during this Period of Sincerity everyone is taken into the Dimension of 
Awakening by the effect of the Mechanism of Influences, conflicts pertaining to 
Awareness and Knowledge occur among people. 

But, since the Plan has sent You during this Final Program of Progress to help Your 
brothers and sisters in Your Planet, first, it takes under Supervision the Consciousnesses 
awakened by their own Essence Evolutionary Dimensional Energies parallel to the services, 
which will be rendered, and it veils their old channel Information. 

The Coal is not Our Human brothers'/sisters' proving themselves, but their Serving 
and Helping Humanity. Unless the rings of his/her Ego chains are broken one by one, 
that Person lacks the Attributes peculiar to Humans. 

For this reason, the Essences of Our brothers and sisters who came from advanced 

Dimensions keep aching. A person who has found himself/herself, who has seen the 
Light of the Truth is Respectful towards the Laws of the Universal Ordinance and obeys 
them. 

Let Us repeat again. This KNOWLEDGE BOOK which is dictated is neither a 
Religion, nor an Astrology, nor Dear Mevlana's own Private Channel Information. This 
Book is a Guide dictated by the Command of the System crying out the Truth. Helping 
and serving Humanity will occur under its Light. 

Because, this Book of the Final Age is the Book of the LORD which projects the 
Universal Order on You. 



39J 



— 



We are the Residents of the GOLDEN GALAXY who act by the Commands We 
receive and who serve on the Order Establishing Dimensions. The Special Channel of 
the Universal Council conveys to You all the Truth through this BOOK. 

During this Final Age, the channels of everyone are kept under Supervision and 
We call to You only from the Dimension of serving Humanity. The Only Goal and 
Mission of all of You should be this. 

Communications with their own Private Channels are nothing but a waste of 
time for Our Awakened Friends. In this Final Period, the private Powerful channels of 
no one can save him/her. Supervision is under the Control of the Universal Ordinance. 

If You do not serve on this path, Your Private Channels can not exonerate You 
from the Exams You will go through. Because, You have become existent in your 
planet by having conformed to the Call of this Final Period. 

We invite You to Universal Unification once more. We call You for the services 
which will be made under the roof of Humanity by removing conflicts of Channel and 
of Information among You. And We will always repeat this Call. 

This BOOK which is revealed as the WARNING BOOK of the Final Age is Your 
Salvation. It is beneficial to Read it, to make others Read it and to heed the Words 
Told. Please, Get Rid of Individualism, Shake Yourselves, do not be delayed any more 
in understanding the Truth. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTRAL SYSTEM 



394 



1988 Second Month 
Fascicule 26 



THE COSMIC RESURRECTION 



Our Friends, 

The Existential cause of all Creation is dependent on a Law of Natural Equilibrium. 
Every Entity, every Living thing in this Existence has Special Missions. The Existential 
cause of all the Energies Existing within the chain of Cosmoses is to Perform a Mission. 
And, for this reason, no chain can act Individually. 

The beginning of the Cosmic Age is the reason for the preparation of the GOLDEN 
ACE. For this reason, all Universal Ordinances are projected parallel to each other. 

We have started a great Technological operation together with the Essence Staff 
Members of the Plan who are the Establishers of the Divine Orders. 

In fact, operations have been made Collectively in the Universal Ordinance until 
today. However, the characteristic of this Final Period operations is to rectify the 
malfunctioning aspects of the Order which used to proceed in an Orderly way until today. 

The Cosmic Age has been directly started by the Program of Preparing Your Planet, 
beginning with the Year 1900, in accordance with the Accelerated Evolutionary System, 
You are about to transcend the first Century in Your Planet which has been taken into a 
Program of Progress of Three Centuries. 

For this reason, You come face to face with different Consciousness Levels and 
different Currents to which You have not been habituated until today. You are being 
prepared for the Orders beyond Realms, Cosmoses. 

For this reason, there is a Mission incumbent on everyone. The operational 
fields of these Missionaries are various. And each Missionary is obliged to exhibit his/ 
her Missions in the podium of his/her field. 

In sequence, these Missions are as follows: Unification of Nations - Way of 
Administration of States - Community Relations - All Social Relations - Family Orders 
and all Business Fields from the bottom to the top. 

The EGO which is the fuel of Terrestrial Potential is an element of provocation to 
carry on the Worldly affairs. However, in the Universal Order there is absolutely no 
place for the Ego. 

The Cosmic Beams showering Your Planet during the Universal operations 
performed in accordance with this Final Period Program are very Powerful Currents 
rendering Your Levels of Consciousness attain a certain Maturity and revealing the 
Genuine Personalities concealed within You. 



395 



In the Universal Plan, everyone has a receiving and transmitting Signai. 
Signals are the Intuitional Keys which You call the SIXTH SENSE. 



These 



These Cosmic Currents are Special Currents which unlock the Locks by these 
Keys and which provide the Genuine Contacts with Us and which are conveyed to You 
through a kind of different Signals. (Do not confuse them with Natural Cosmic 
Currents). 

These Signals are a System directed and oriented by the Mechanism of Influences. 

We get in touch with every Light the signal of which We receive. Their Identities 
are investigated and after their Capacities and Missions are determined, it is being 
tried to reveal their Genuine Beings by exposing them in the World Plan to the influences 
of Cosmic Effects. 

Genuine Essences are Genuine servants of God who serve Positively and who are 
free from Egos. Provided the personalities who are in such a Medium reach Us, Missions 
in accordance with their fields are given to them. 

After the Missions are given, first, a System of shutting the eye is applied. Later, 
one of the eyes is opened and, still later, the direction in which the Missionary moves 
is examined by two eyes. And this is determined by a three-step Program. Finally the 
Genuine path chosen by two eyes is selected for You and this always is for Your benefit. 

The Administrative Council of the Unified Reality makes this Choice. And shows 
You the Genuine Orders and Paths by conveying to You the Awareness of the entire 
Ordinance. Those who proceed on this path are the Essence Members of the Plan and 
they are under Protection. 

All the channels which will make Cosmic Progress until the Year 2000 are being 
opened. However, conforming to the Commands received, no interference will be 
made by the Plan to the Channel of anyone until the day of the Final Age. Everyone 
