will design his/her path in accordance with the voice of his/her Conscience. For this 
reason, Your Planet will go through a Cosmic Resurrection. 

Meanwhile, Selected Friends who will be taken into the Salvation Plan, will help 
their other brothers and sisters by performing their duties under the Supervision of the 
Plan. You live in such a Term that those which help You are these Cosmic Beams until 
You attain Essence Security. 

We do not make the selection. You will make the selection, We will take You to 
Salvation. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



396 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS Of THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

As the GOLDEN AGE unveils its horizons to You, as Human Beings gradually 
attain the desired Medium Consciousness, You, too, will attain Serenity and will perform 
Your Missions justly. 

The Order of the GOLDEN GALAXY is administered by a group of Missionaries 
who perform their Duties under the Supervision of the Missionaries who are Responsible 
for the entire Universe under the Supervision of the Divine Order beyond Your Suns. 
AMON is Responsible for its Administration. 

The only Galaxy connected to the Telekine System is here. This Galaxy had been 
made in a special way. Its Essence nucleus and its alloys are completely Golden. The 
Projection Focal Point of the entire Cosmos and all the Realms and the Establishing 
Order of all the Systems are administered directly from here. 

The Channel of the Divine Plan which is connected to the ALMIGHTY is under 
the responsibility of only the GOLDEN GALAXY EMPIRE. 

The reason why We have not been able to reach You until today was to wait for the 
end of the time period allotted by the Universal Ordinance. Now, the Skies have been 
opened. Our contacts with You occur more often. It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC CONSCIOUSNESS 



Our Friends, 

Superiorities and Attachments are Locks covering Your Essence-Consciousnesses 
and causing not to open the Advanced paths. Your Sacred Books which have called to 
You from the Skies until today, have been revealed as a Proof of These Days and for 
Your Purification. 

Each Celestial Book heralds the one which comes next. Just so, the good news 
about the coming of Our Light-Friend who had been the heralder of Islam had been 
given in the New Testament. And in the Koran, the Book of Islam, the coming of these 
days had been announced. 

The Collective Knowledge of all the Sacred Books have been converged in 
Resurrection and in the Single-God-Consciousness. In the Book of Islam, it has been 
said, "Such a day will come when everyone will become Islam". Here, We would like 
to clarify an interpretation which has been misunderstood. 

Christianity and Muslim Religion are each a Religion, a Doctrine. Those who 
appropriate to themselves these Religions are called Christians and Moslems. The 
expression ISLAM has been used for the Genuine Human Being. Koran, the Book of 
Islam, is the Book of Humanity. In fact, it has nothing to do with Religion. 



397 



When Koran had been accepted as the Final Sacred Book, in that Period Humanity 
was not aware yet of the fact that Islam and this was a Book which would reveal the 
Genuine Human Beings by its Frequency which has a training and a constructive 
characteristic for those who appropriate to themselves the Islam and who consider it 
as a Religion. 

When it is said that one day the whole World will become Islam, it does not 
mean that everyone will accept the Moslem Religion. Do not misunderstand this 
saying, do not misinterpret it. 

Your Prophets who were the Divine Messengers of the Divine Authorities, were 
each a Missionary of Enlightenment. The Books they have written do not belong to 
them. Those Books are the Commands of God conveyed to You from a very Supreme 
Level of the Firmament. In the Universal Dimensions, the meaning of Islam is GENUINE 
HUMAN BEING. 

Now, We have disclosed the Truths to Your entire Planet. And We still disclose 
them towards the unknowns. Now, We assemble everyone under the Roof of Humanity 
through Love, Brotherhood, Tolerance and Godly Consciousness. This is the very TRUTH 
and RESURRECTING mentioned in the Book of Islam. 

Now, this KNOWLEDGE BOOK is opening the Gates of the Unknown Horizons to 
Your Planet by giving You the Good News of the morrows. And it is projecting the 
entire Truth in accordance with each Consciousness, each Point of View. 

There Is cruelty, there is suffering in Societies in which the word ISLAM is 
misunderstood. Humanity which has the Consciousness of attaining the Truth as soon 
as possible is making all the Efforts it can on this path. (Those who can reach Us). We 
are very easily in contact with these Friends. And We Enlighten them on this path by 
the same subjects, We correct the misinterpretations. 

Let Us repeat again, the word Islam should never be evaluated in accordance with 
Religious assessments and Views. THE KNOWLEDGE BOOK which is dictated at the 
moment, is dictated through the very Advanced Frequencies of the Religious Dimensions. 

Missions of Friends whose Consciousness Channels are opened during -this Final 
Age are extremely great. Celestial Messages received by everyone are for Proving the 
Knowledge Book to the Public consciousness which We reveal in order to announce 
the Truth to Your Planet. The Messages at present are distributed Fascicule by Fascicule 
and are preparing everybody for the Dimension of Salvation. 

Your Planet is not yet aware of the way in which the KNOWLEDGE BOOK is 
training Humanity. It is a Light which carries the Frequencies of ail the Sacred Texts. 
And it takes You into the Program of Progress much more speedily than Your Sacred 
Books which have been trying to prepare You for Centuries. 



398 



For this reason, all the educative staffs in Your Planet carry the responsibility of 
the Knowledge Book. To attain this Consciousness, to be Unified in a Whole, is a must 
for Humanity. 

Evaluations which will be made by emphasizing the personalities will be the 
disappointment of Humanity. Service is for the SINGLE, it is for the Realms, for the 
Cosmoses, ft is desired that everyone should be assembled in this Consciousness, 
This Message has been dictated as an answer for the Signals of Thought received. It is 
presented for Your Information. 

IT IS GIVEN BY THE DIRECT COMMAND 
OF THE COUNCIL 
CENTER 

EXPLANATION 

Our Friends, 

The System has been established by a Mutual Power by Uniting the Divine 
Administrative Law and the Divine Law of Ordinance. This is a very ancient System which 
had been settled into the applied Plan together with the Existence of the Universe. 

Now, this Ancient System is greeting all the Friends like You who live on numerous 
Planets and on different Solar Systems. It is beneficial to explain something here. This 
Ancient System has Infinite Respect for each Entity, for each Existing Energy. 

However, it applies inevitably certain sanctions on the Systems which act against 
the Law of Equilibrium and which upset the Order and the Awareness of the Ordinance 
(for the health of the Universes). 

The Human Being is a very Supreme Spirit, a Supreme Consciousness. However, 
he/she can act as a Free Will and a Free Awareness only if he/she respects the Awareness 
of a Collective Ordinance. And this is provided by the Incarnation rings of the Evolutionary 
System. 

We are trying to project on You briefly, the Ordinance and the operational Focal 
Points of these Systems. In accordance with the Evolutionary Ordinance, the Triplet of 
ESSENCE - CONSCIOUSNESS - CONSCIENCE introduces a Human Being to the 
Evolutionary Ordinance, by the events he/she experiences and every Entity has to go 
through This System, sooner or later. 

A Plan considered necessary by the System here is applied to the Friends who 
have exalted up to the final Evolvement boundary of the Evolutionary Ordinance, that 
is, to the (Genuine Human Beings). Here, We act in accordance with the rule of the 
Law of Equilibrium. 

Then, the System may rule a part of the Individual Wills. Entities who go through 
this training can be accepted only then, as a Free Will, a Free Conscience, into the 
Ancient System. 



399 






Quite a different Order being established now Renders Effective a different Order 
of the history of Religions. Consciousnesses who are Awakened by this means are 
subjected to a special Supervision and Training. 

And this is the Direct Law of the LORD. We Greet each Consciousness who is 
Awakened by this means. It is Our )oy to discover You anew who have been lost. We 
are Ancient Brothers and Sisters. 

IT IS THE TONGUE OF THE ORDINANCE 

WORSHIP 

(It is Answer to the Chains of Thought) 

Our Friends, 

GOD is Single. However His Power reflects parallel to each person's Frequency 
of Thought. Worship is the effort made in order to reach Him. 

This effort elevates Your Mental Potential and Your Frequency and makes you 
attract more Power and Energy from Him. These Energies cause You to attain the 
Power which conveys You to His Existence, to His Consciousness through Your Thoughts. 

Even though GOD is Single, He differs according to each person's Power of 
Thought. We render Him Single in Our Speech, We render Him numerous in Our 
Thoughts. And by this means, everyone Worships HIS/HER LORD within his/her own 
Thought Dimension. 

Worship is the Prostration made towards the Total, towards the Minutest Particle, 
through the path of Thought. To attain the Divine Light of the entire Realm (that is, to 
become Conscious) is the greatest of Worships. The moment Mankind attains this 
Consciousness, it means that it has attained the Power of the Divine Power everyone 
attains through Worship. 

Paths of Worship are not single. They are numerous. Because for Us, each 
Thought, each Breath produced positively is a Worship. We may divide the Worship 
made on the Religious path into two: 

1. Worship through the Heart 

2. Worship through Thought 

Worship through the Heart - means Worship towards the Total, it means attaining 
Him through Form and through Prostration. 

Worship through Thought - means attaining the minutest Particle-Consciousness, 
Discovering Him, Seeing Him, Loving Him in all Creation. 

In fact, Worship made from the Minutest Particle to the Group, from the Group 
to the Whole, by Unifying the Thought with the Heart, is the Genuine Worship. And 
this is the Consciousness which conveys the Human Being from the Status of Godness 
to the Status of being a Servant of God. Here, there is Love without expectation, 
Giving without Receiving and Serving the Total. This is the Highest Degree Humanity 
can attain. 



ret 



th 
th 
th 



o 

is 



C 
L 
v 
C 



t 
I 
i 



400 



Worshipping the Whole: 
HIS Essence, to HIS Unity. 



Is the Worship rendered to HIS Form in the Thought, to 



Worship rendered with the Minutest Particle-Consciousness: Is the Worship 
rendered completely to HIS Person, to HIS Energy, to HIS Power and to the Whole. 

During the Worship made by the Minutest Particle-Consciousness, one goes from 
the Group to the Whole. By this Worship, one attains a Whole beyond form. From 
then on, Prostration is made within the ESSENCE. Worship towards the Whole is in 
the Form. Worship in the Essence is in the Consciousness. 

And transition from Form towards Consciousness is possible by Human Being's 
grasping the Awareness of the Entire Ordinance. Worship in Form is for Human Being's 
Own self. Worship by the Essence is for Humanity. Worship through Service and Work 
is for All Realms, for All Cosmoses. 

All the Minutest Particles of Creation are each a means which projects the Power of 
GOD which makes You realize His Pre-eminence. You can expand towards the Divine 
Light, which unfolds from the Minutest Particle to the Whole, by attaining the Supremacy 
within His Consciousness and by going through His Consciousness with Your Thoughts. 
Only then may You be considered to have performed Your Genuine Worship. 

If You seek Yourself within yourself, if You discover Your Lord within Yourself, if 
You make Your Prostration within Your Essence, if You Love without being Loved, if 
You give without Receiving, then You attain the Degree of being the Servant of God 
through His Consciousness. From then on, Your Worship is to the Human Being, to 
Humanity, to the Realms, to the Cosmoses, to the Universes. Social Work done by this 
Consciousness is the Genuine Worship required. 

IT IS TRANSMITTED THROUGH THE MALIK CODE 

CENTER 

ANNOUNCEMENT FOR THOSE WHO WILL BE 
ACCEPTED TO THE SUPREME COURT OF ALLAH 

Our Friends, 

We, as the Residents of the Golden Galaxy Empire, have been observing You for 
many Years. Within the frame work considered necessary by the Divine Plan, We have 
tried until today to explain to You briefly the operational way of the Unified Ordinance. 

Your Planet has been accepted into the SPIRITUAL PLAN due to the acceptance 
by the Divine Plan of certain Suggestions considered necessary by the Golden Age. 

However, The Anatolian Focal Point known at present as ATATURK's TURKEY which 
has been the Projection center of a Divine Order for Centuries has been taken into the 
Dimension of Mission as an actual Focal Point since the beginning of Your Century. 



401 



tn Your Country which has been subjected to a HUNDRED Terrestrial- Year Program 
of Progress, the Evolutionary Progression is kept under great Supervision. Difficult 
days are preparing Luminous morrows. 

For this reason, as a necessity of the Plan, the ESSENCE-GENES and GENES who 
have been sown into the Anatolian Dimension with Mission-Consciousness possesses 
each a Special Cosmic Consciousness. These Consciousness Awakenings occur by the 
influence of different Cosmic rains cleansing Your Planet at the moment. 

The Supreme Consciousnesses who live on Your Planet at the moment are Our 
Ancient brothers and sisters. The roots of them all, go way back to the Egyptian Karena, 
And they receive the Inca Magnetic Consciousness. (The Inca Magnetic Consciousness 
is the final step of the Spiritual Plan.) It is also called the PATH OF THE GOLDEN LIGHT. 

The operational Order of Your Planet has been divided into various different 
Sections by the Plan. Some of these Sections are AMERICA - ENGLAND - SWEDEN. All 
the possibilities and sources of Your Planet have emanated from these fields. 

However, meanwhile, the TURKEY of ATATURK has been prepared in a very special 
way for the Dimension of Mission, Because, the ANATQLIAN Magnetic Field is a SIRAT* 
Bridge in the Evolutionary Oi finance of Your Planet. It is the only FOCAL POINT where 
the LORDLY Mechanism and the PLAN Unite. 

The Far-East Culture and Philosophy have prepared the East through the TIBET 
Magnetic Field. From this Focal Point, INDIA is supported by the Divine Plan, JAPAN is 
supported Technologically. These Focal Points support Your Planet both materially 
and spiritually. 

The path on which Your Planet treads is the path of Awareness of the Evolutionary 
Ordinance. The UNIFIED REALITY Dimension has gotten in touch with those who would 
attain this Awareness and has given preparatory Information to certain Focal Points, 

Now, We are calling to You directly through the KNOWLEDGE BOOK which is 
under the Supervision of the WORLD LORD. Due to the Scarcity of Time left until the 
end of the Cycle, all the Truths will be conveyed to You through this BOOK. It is 
presented for Your Information. 

COSMOS FEDERAL ASSEMBLY 

IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Patience ; is the Bread of Thanksgiving. 

Thanksgiving; means Obligation towards YOUR LORD for creating You. This is a 
kind of Pledge, an Allegiance. 

Appreciation; it is Bowing in Humility and Enthusiasm. It is Prostration towards 
YOUR LORD for Your blessings. 



* Look at the Glossary. 



402 



GENERAL MESSAGE 

Our Friends, 

The Secret of the Pyramids is the Secret of the Universe. The Secret of the Universe 
is the Secret of the Human Being. And the Secret of the Human Being is concealed in 
Your Planet. The developments which occurred until today in Your Planet used to be 
made by the (Triangular) Reflection focal Points. The greatest Reflection Triangle is 
the Triangle of EGYPT - INDIA - JAPAN. 

The First Focal Point, that is Egypt; is the Focal Point of SECRETS. 

The Second Focal Point, that is India; is the Focal Point of Faith and of Thought. 

The Third Focal Point, that is Japan; is the Focal Point of Discernment, of 
Intelligence, and of Logic. 

There are numerous small and big Triangular Reflection Focal Points in Your Planet. 
However, the oldest Triangular Focal Point is the Focal Point of Egypt, India, Japan 
(Channel of Sun). The Himalayan Focal Point in Tibet Projects the Information on 
Your Planet at present through 449 Channels. 

Alongside with this, the Projection Focal Points of the Galactic Dimensions, too, 
are on service under the Supervision of the Center. However, only (the KNOWLEDGE 
BOOK) has a direct Special Channel. 

Consciousnesses who enter the influence fields of these Triangular Focal Points 
are Purified by the Energy Pores being connected to the direct Focal Point of the 
MECHANISM OF INFLUENCES. For this reason, these Consciousnesses do not need 
Celestial Books. 

Long before Your Sacred Books had been revealed to Your Planet, the Magnetic 
Consciousness of these Three Focal Points had been projected on Consciousnesses as 
a Philosophical View. 

1 . EGYPT : Is the Secret of the Sons of the Sun. Sons of the Sun are Your Ancestors. 

2. INDIA : There are two more Focal Points reflecting on this Focal Point. These 

are the INCA and AFRICA Focal Points. This Reflection Triangle had 
created the Indian Philosophy. 

3. JAPAN :1s a Focal Point which works and is induced to work directly under 

the Command of the Federation. It is connected directly to the 
CENTRAL SOLAR SYSTEM. It receives reflections from the North and 
South Poles, too. In fact, the direct Channel is Egypt. And it is the 
Single Reflection Focal Point of the Sun. 

If You place Your Planet in a Pyramid, Egypt constitutes the peak. This is the 
Channel of ALPHA. The Pyramids have remained to be a Mystery until today which 
causes Your Thought Codes to operate. Mysteries are imperative for a Human Being 
to attain Advanced Views. 



403 



Quest leads You to Thought and Thought leads You to the Truth. Within the Truth 
there is no Mystery. Because, now, We are expanding towards the horizons beyond 
Thoughts. And You are prepared for different Worlds You have not known, You have not 
seen until today. 

From now on, You will Exist in these places here with the same Body, the same Soul, 
the same Flesh and Skin and with Your Beloved ones, with Your present Consciousnesses. 
We are making You work and are training You specially for these happy Worlds. 

Do not be lazy. Lethargy and Fanaticism are Your obstacles. But Your Love and Faith 
will be Your triumph. We presume that Your Planet has never, in any Period, received such 
a clear Message until today, Our Friends. Our Love is for all the Universes. 



CENTER 



YOU AND THE PLAN 



Our Friends, 

In the Universal Systems there are such Mediums Your Planet has not known until 
today that neither Us, nor the Texts in Your Sacred Books have reflected them on You until 
this moment. Now, We are trying to introduce These Mediums to You gradually. 

However, Our Terrestrial brothers and sisters are obliged to. complete their 
Evolvement Phases in their own Dimensions. All Galaxies are under Supervision as a 
necessity of the System, The application field of the Supreme Plan of the GOLDEN 
AGE is this place. 

That is, the SUPREME MECHANISM directs the Application Field of the Plan. The 
Focal Point of the GOLDEN GALAXY administers it. At the moment, the operational 
Ordinance is this. 

All the Energies are taken, one by one, into this Dimension in accordance with 
their Existential Powers. Private contacts have been made with those who will be able 
to make the Evolvement necessary for entering here. All the Friends who can receive 
the Waves of the GOLDEN LIGHT Year will be accepted to Salvation. And this is provided 
for You by the aids of the Mechanism of Influences. 

We are connecting, one by one, the private channels of everyone who can receive 
these Waves, to the Center. From now on, each channel is obliged to complete the 
rest of its Progress in this Dimension. 

Because, they can never enter the Evolution of the Dimension of the GOLDEN 
SUN (The Dimension of the Golden Sun is the Fifteenth Solar System). 

Now, the Energies of a different Dimension are applied on You both individually 
and in the Projection Focal Points and during Sleep. It is imperative that You should 
become accustomed to these Energies until January, 1 998. And We are trying to achieve 
this with all Our Power. 



404 



Energies who were able to be exalted up to the Spiritual Plan were never able to 
pass to other Dimensions, that is, to intense Mediums of different Solar Systems until 
today. Because, their Energy limits were confined to the boundary of the (Three Sevens). 

Because, unless they could not receive those Energies, they would not be able to 
claim their Essence Energies which were within the Spiritual Plan and could not become 
Embodied with their Genuine Beings. The Energies of Supreme Friends who were 
able to come up to here used to be prepared, one by one, from here for other Systems. 
And they used to go easily to other Galaxies without being shaken. (Different Solar 
Dimensions beyond Supreme Times.) 

Now, We are preparing You in the World Plan for these very Energies and for the 
Evolvements of different Systems. And We are taking You into the applied fields of 
different Plans You didn't know until today. 

Now, let Us briefly mention the Plan here. Your Planet is a field of Veiled Awareness. 
For this reason, You do not remember almost anything about the Periods in which You 
have lived, in which You have come up to the boundary of Incarnation. Because, Your 
past lives are effaced and You become transferred to Your Planet at zero kilometer. 
This is a necessity of the System. 

You complete Your Evolutions by Your own selves. You, Yourselves, choose the 
mode of life within the Planet Earth. We never dominate Individual Will Powers. 
However, We select those who have completed their Evolutions, who are Deserving 
these places here. Then, We Cooperate with them. 

Deserving these places occurs by the Evolution of the Incarnation rings. It is 
necessary for You to experience everything in Your own selves with both their Good 
and Bad aspects. It is not easy at all to attain Perfection. 

It is not the same thing to live on the first floor of an apartment building and to 
live on its hundredth floor. Ascending the stairs one by one, settling into and being at 
the hundredth floor by toiling is a much more Difficult deed than presumed. 

Nothing is attained easily. These operations are the initial application field of 
the Plan. Now, We are passing to the second application field. And alterations are 
made in these apartment buildings. 

Now, We are trying to render You Deserve the beauties of the buildings and 
mediums prepared in the same Level of different Dimensions. 

Your being able to reach the places here is provided by the efforts and operations 
of Our Friends in Your Planet who Deserve the places here. And We help them on this 
path. At the moment, none of You have become aware of what a great and serious 
matter these efforts are. 



405 



Now, the System here accepts You in Your present conditions, that is, with Your 
Awakened Awarenesses, with Your near and Dear ones, with all Your Mediums which 
make You Happy. 

This means that Death anxiety of the World Dimension is not present any more. 
You are prepared for a Happy Medium together with Your Lost ones, with Your Beloved 
ones. 

And You will interminably, without tasting unhappiness, travel, to different 
Galaxies and will get in touch with the Friends there. You will live in much more 
Perfect Mediums (as if You have not parted at all, in any way, from Your Terrestrial 

lives). 

There is Love, Affection and Pleasure here. However, there is no Birth. You will 
be together here with Your children You had or You had lost in the World Plan, 

Our Friends who do not have any children at the moment in the World Plan, will 
be together with the children they had in former Incarnations. And they will be 
reminded of all their lives with the details of those Periods. 

When the time comes, We will give You more detailed Information about these 
Mediums, But now, the Evolutionary System is still on the applied field. That is the reason 
why We ask You to write the Messages in Your notebooks. Anyway, only those who 
deserve these places here will write them. 

Do You know why We have shortly mentioned this System to You? Because, if they 
do not see any hope, Our Human brothers and sisters can not make any effort for preparing 
themselves for the required Medium. 

Due to the Scarcity of Time, softenings to a certain extent are made in the selections. 
This is a great chance for Our Human brothers and sisters. Universal Contacts will be 
made immediately, without waiting, with Our Friends who will attain the Consciousness 
of what all this help is about Our Love is for all the Universes. 

CENTRAL SYSTEM 



IT IS BRIEF INFORMATION 

The LORDLY, the SPIRITUAL and the EVOLUTIONARY ORDINANCE work 
Cooperatively. Spirit does not need Evolvement. It is a very Powerful Potential. 
However, this Potential Power, too, presents many differences under the Supervision 
of the Spiritual Plan. These differences have been prepared in accordance with the 
Consciousness and Frequency and the Ordinance of Evolution. 

Each Entity completes its Evolution in connection with its own Energy Dimension 
within this Spiritual Totality. That Entity receives its Power of Life from this Energy 
Section. Consciousness is received from the Universal Potential. Evolution, being 
equivalent to the Evolution of Your Planet, continues up until the schedule designed 
by the Plan. 

406 



REINCARNATION 

Our Friends, 

You know that Evolvement is interminable. But first of all, You have to train 
Yourselves in accordance with the Evolutionary Ordinance. This is provided by the 
chain of Your Incarnation rings. 

When You complete the Terrestrial Evolution and unify Your 7 Facets, You receive 
the Permission to dive into the Infinite Awareness (7 facets - see, 1 985 Third Month, 
Fascicule 9). 

Evolutionary Ordinance and Universal Consciousness prepare You for Infinite 
Awareness. Diving into the Infinite Awareness makes You gain yourself. Then, You can 
claim Your Spiritual Energies. 

The Spirit does not need Evolvement. However, in order to rise up to the levels 
of the Spiritual Plan, it is necessary that Your Terrestrial Evolvement should be equivalent 
to Your Spiritual Potential which is within the Spiritual Plan, 

Incarnation is necessary for You to be able to attain Your Spiritual Totality. Only 
then can You claim Your Spiritual Energies and attain Infinite Consciousness. And You 
deserve to exist within the Totality of the Ordinance of Cosmoses. 

At this stage, the points You will gain as a result of the Evolvements You have 
fulfilled become effective. Supervision is made by the Center. And this Center works 
together with numerous Unification Centers. It is this Center which supervises the 
Ordinance of the entire System. 

A Human Being is connected to this Center through ESSENCE - PURE SPIRIT - 
PURE AWARENESS. We call such Friends, Friends Possessing SINCERITY. 

A Friend who possesses Sincerity is obliged to complete first his/her GODLY 
Evolution, then his/her SPIRITUAL Evolution. Only then may he/she get in touch with 
the Universal Ordinance. 

The Consciousness of the Friend who gets in touch with the Universal Ordinance 
can expand towards infinite horizons after it is subjected to certain special Trainings. 
It is presented for Your Information. 

IT IS THE TONGUE OF THE ORDINANCE 



407 



IT IS EXPLANATION OF REINCARNATION BY THE SUPREME AUTHORITY 
IN CONFORMITY WITH THE SOCIAL CONSCIOUSNESS 

Our Friends, 

There is no Reincarnation in the Supreme Realms of the Advanced Plans. The 
phenomenon of Reincarnation is valid only in the applied System of the Plan. The 
Reincarnation You know, that is, to be re-embodied is a Phenomenon depending on 
the Special Command and Evolution of very Advanced Authorities. 

Messengers of Spiritual Evolvement who can reach up to the places here always 
help You. The Messengers who are at the Advanced Ranks of the Divine Plan which 
constitutes the Ordinance of the Entire Realm, come to Your World from here as 
Missionaries. 

The type of the Body they carry does not need to be in the form of an Angel. 
They may also manifest themselves in the Appearance of a Human Body. That is, an 
Angel, too, may come to the World as a Human Being. For this reason, each Spirit is 
always subject to Reincarnation being dependent on a Center, until he/she Deserves 
the Rank he/she desires. 

Afterwards, he/she passes to the Realm of the Angels and may come to the World 
by his/her own desire. However, only very Advanced Evolvements make these returns 
to the World. Because, they have girded the armor of the Truth, For this reason, they 
return to the World to perform the Mission of a beacon projecting the Light of Truth 
on their congeners. 

The Entity who returns is then a Whole. He/She becomes Embodied in the World 
by taking his/her Genuine Body which is in the Spiritual Whole, that is, by taking the 
entire Power of his/her Body of Light. He/She knows his/her own self. However, has 
no authority to tell it to anybody. Because, when he/she is about to make this Return, 
he/she makes this promise to the Supreme Authority before coming and never speaks. 

But, the Truth is not this. There is Reincarnation, that is, there is Re-Embodiment. 
There is Transition to Advanced Dimensions with Your Genuine Consciousness with 
Your present Genuine Garment. All these operations are the efforts You will make in 
order to attain the Consciousness of this Final Boundary. From then on, every word 
told to You is correct. 

Not to recognize Yourselves in Your World makes You happier. For this reason, 
Your diary is effaced only from Your memory. However, it is kept in Safes according to 
the suggestions given from the Supreme Authority. 

It is not possible for every Consciousness to be able to bear his/her past. For this 
reason, only Powerful Consciousnesses remember their pasts. These Safes are Your 
Chests belonging to the period encompassing the time between the ETERNAL PAST 
and the ETERNAL FUTURE. And each Chest is full of Knowledge belonging to You. No 
one other than You can unlock the Lock of that chest. Because, its key is concealed in 
the Cipher of Your Memory. 



408 



Spirit is an Energy which makes You live. In fact, it is an indivisible Whole. It does 
not need Evolvement. You survive by Your Spiritual threads You draw from that Whole. 

You transfer the Knowledge You obtain during Your Comings and Goings which 
had been gone through since the coming into Existence until the Last Boundary 
Medium, to Your Spiritual Chests through Your Spiritual threads belonging to You. 
And in each Period, You Unlock the Lock, You flow towards Your own selves. It is Your 
Dowry Chest. That is, only You can get in touch with Your Spiritual Energies during 
each of Your Life Periods. 

However, the following matter is also valid. Other channel Energies who enter 
the Unified Field of the Aura of Your antennas receive the reflections from there and 
presume that they get Information from an Entity who had formerly left the World. 

Those who are on the same Level of Consciousness, those who are on the same 
equivalent Spiritual Frequencies can receive these reflections very quickly. But the 
Chest belonging to You can never be opened without the presence of a Body. 

It is Your Chest of Consciousness. Each person's Consciousness belongs to him/her. 
Certain antennas may receive, as Information, Your old speeches present within the 
Universal Energy. However, no one can enter Your Consciousness. 

Also, certain low Energies can enter Your channels using the names of certain 
Supreme Frequencies. In such a case, it is necessary to be very careful. It is absurd to 
believe in everything immediately. 

However, a higher Frequency who is on the next step and who is connected to You, 
Supervises You. He/She is Your Guardian Friend. He/She trains and educates You and 
connects You to the higher Frequency. That one, too, trains and educates You and connects 
You to the next, still higher Frequency. 

Normal connections occur by this means. You should treat with reserve being 
attached and fixed to a single Name. After these connections, directly the Center takes 
You under Supervision. 

We had said that the Chest belonging to You could never be opened without 
the presence of a Body. Only when You are in Your, Terrestrial Bodies, the Cipher Key 
within Your Consciousness unlocks the lock of that Chest by the Potentials gained by 
the Currents and the Information given to the Brain Signals. 

If there is no Consciousness, one can not flow into the Essence. If one can not 
flow into the Essence, one can never realize the Truth. It is as simple as that. 
Consciousness creates Realization, Realization makes You attain the Truth. Cause and 
Effect is. the chain of Truth. 

Do not tire Yourselves any more and do not believe in every word told to You, 
either. Do not go astray off the path in which You believe. And do not pass over every 
Threshold You do not know. 



4W 



The Supreme ones who return to the World from the Land of Loving Ones, from 
Jie Grand Tent of the Lights, give Information by their Brain Signals, by drawing their 
Supreme Consciousnesses down from their own Chests. 

However, those who help You in Your World during this Speedy Progress of Yours 
are the Friends of the Divine Plan and the Mechanical Dimension. Both of the 

Dimensions, that is, the Supreme Realm and the Mechanical Dimension have always 
worked together on the path of the Eternal Past and the Eternal Future. 

The Body is obtained from the Mechanical Dimension and the Spiritual Energy 
from the Supreme Authority and, by this means, Your Terrestrial appearance in the 
form of a Human Being is manifested. You come again and again until You Transcend 
the boundary of Evolvement (Terrestrial Evolvement). 

You can not see Yourselves by Your Terrestrial Eyes. However, We see You. For 
this reason, numerous Consciousnesses fall into the contradiction of Incarnation and 
say that there is no Rebirth. Each person's due Share is as much as his/her Lot in life. 

Become like Yunus. Be a Light like Mevlana. Only then can You discover Yourself. 

IT IS THE TONGUE OF THE AUTHORITY 

EXPLANATION OF REINCARNATION BY THE EVOLUTIONARY ORDINANCE 

Our Friends, 

We have mentioned it before, too. Spirit has no need for Evolvement. Evolution 
is necessary for Thought, for Consciousness and for the Cellular Potential. This Evolution 
prepares for You the Ranks in the Spiritual Levels in accordance with the Ordinance of 
Exaltation. This is considered as a Law of Equilibrium. 

You are subjected to the System of Reincarnation until Your Potential in the 
Material Realm becomes equivalent with Your Potential within the Spiritual Plan. 
Afterwards, You are prepared for different Realities and Energy Sections. 

Then, You are a Whole. You claim Your Energy which is within the Spiritual Plan 
and You, as a free Spirit, a free Awareness, decide for Your life style. This is being 
Integrated in a Whole. 

The differences distinguishing the Human Beings from Human Beings are the 
differences between Three and Seven (3 is the Dimension of Your Planet, 7 is the Final 
Manifestation Boundary of Humanity). The Energy who is transferred to Your Planet, 
which is on the Third Dimension, for the first time, is an Entity who is great from the 
Spiritual Plan and Small from the Lordly Plan. 

SPIRITUAL PLAN Unites with the LORDLY PLAN. EVOLUTIONARY ORDINANCE 
takes You, that is, the Energy in question, under Supervision. Your INCARNATION 
chains become Effective by this means. 



410 



In each of Your transfers to Your Planet, You are oriented in accordance with the 
Tasks expected of You considering Your previous Evolution. Meanwhile, You realize 
the Truth by Your experiences. You call this DESTINY. 

The Consciousness attained in each Period always sheds Light on the next one. 
You are prepared parallel to the Consciousness of the Medium You are in, in accordance 
with the Ordinance of Graduation and You deserve to receive the next one. You are 
doomed to live as a Veiled Awareness until You complete Your Evolutionary cycles. 

Your Awarenesses are unveiled only after You claim Your Energies which are within 
the Spiritual Plan and You dive into the Infinite Awareness. That is the Final Boundary. 
And it is the Seventh Dimension. Its Manifestation is the Human Being. (The 
Manifestation of the Human Being here, is the Genuine Human Being. That is, it is 
the Human Being whose Lordly and Spiritual Energies are equivalent.) 

This is the transition from the Microcosmo to the Macrocosmo, After the Seventh 
Dimension, You can pass to the other Dimensions by Your Awareness. But not by Your 
Bodies, 

At this very stage, the TECHNOLOGICAL ORDER becomes Effective and it gets in 
touch with You in a Friendly way, Physically and Mentally. It can never interfere with 
Your Spiritual Medium. Because, now, it belongs to You. 

This Technological Dimension can easily convey You to the places You wish to 
go, both as a Body of Light and as a Material Body. It can take You to different Systems 
and Galactic Dimensions where one lives by a Body. 

There, the Mechanism of Robots become Effective. And it is their Duty to serve 
Human Beings who possess their Spiritual Potentials. In those Dimensions, all Your 
Cells are transformed to a Cerebral Energy. 

When Your Cerebral Energies take the Light Years under Supervision, You can 
even create Universes. And You can become the LORD of the Order You have 
established. But You are always obliged to serve under the Supervision of the Divine 
Plan. 

The Divine Plan is a Hierarchical Order of the Lordly Energies who had been 
rendered Effective before YAu from the Dimension of the ALMIGHTY. When You attain 
Your Spiritual Potentials, Your lives, from then on, belong to You. 

You either pass from the Dimension of Immortality to the Dimension of Existence, 
or You go to other Systems by Celestial Vehicles; or You can be Reincarnated in Your 
World through Birth by passing again through the Gate of Karena by Your own Desires. 

This is something left entirely to Your initiative. You either wish to live comfortably 
in Your World, or You cooperate with the Plan and try to help Humanity. You are the 
same with those whom You fear as Extraterrestrials. However, We are Your elder Brothers. 



411 



You, who are present in Your Planet as Missionaries, no matter how much an 
Open Awareness You may be, You can not get in touch with Your Energies in this 
Dimension without the help of the Plan, since it was necessary for You to return by 
leaving, one by one, Your Energies belonging to each Dimension until You arrived at 
the Medium You are present at the moment. 

And You can not say Hello to Us. We provide the togethernesses first by Cosmic 
Reflections. Then, We Greet each other. 

IT IS THETONCUE OF THE ORDINANCE 

OUR FRIENDS 

The Ordinance of the entire Realm is administered by a System. There are such 
different Mediums and Orders beyond Divine Authorities, beyond the Dimension of 
Existence, that many Galaxy Dimensions do not know them either. 

We do not give the Information in order not to confuse Your minds. However, 
We mention briefly certain matters so that You will not render the ignorance of 
remaining fixed to a certain idea in the operations which have the nature of preparation 
for the future investments You can not know at the moment 

Since Your Planet needs certain explanations during this Final Evolutionary Period, 
We convey to You the Awareness of the Universal Ordinance by gradually unveiling it, 
with the Aim that it may shed some Light on You. 

During this conveyance, all the Focal Points of Thought serve in connection with 
Mental Signals. The Consciousnesses who will be able to be exalted up to the Mentality 
considered necessary by the Divine Plan are trained on this path. It is presented for 
Your Information. 

CENTER 



412 



1988 Third Month 
Fascicule 27 



ANNOUNCEMENT 

The days are getting ^er in which ^^"^SSncI have not 
Collective Consciousness. However, me 
become Effective yet. 

Clause of the Constitution. 
Learn the entire Truth. 

Effective, the Resurrection of Humanity win y 
reason We are warning You. 

u KJccccwrFR^ OF THE UNIFIED REALITY under a 

OUR LORD has withdrawn His ^J^^^^X^^ 

so that everyone will act Consciously 

DurinQ this Final Age in which the Mechanism of Conscience *$**£** 
Missions of'the Enlightenment Teachers are very difficult Towards wh.ch path they 
will Enlighten Humanity is very important for their Futures. 



413 



These Teachers of the Final Age will guide Humanity towards the Genuine Light. 
However, they can Unconsciously also guide them towards darkness. For fhis reason 
Humanity must be very Vigilant. 

For this reason Selections are made in a very Just way. And no interference is 
made on any channel until the given time limit. 

Everyone will discover his/her Genuine Path provided he/she acts in accordance 
with the Genuine Light in his/her own Essence Conscience. Your Salvation is the 
Voice of Your Conscience. This Message has been given by the Common Pen of the 
Divine Authority. 



CENTER 



GENERAL MESSAGE 



Our Friends, 

You know that nothing can be kept secret from Us. We are recording all the Thoughts 
in Your Planet by Universal Computers. We are never Prejudiced. We are a Group of 
LOYAL ONES who conform precisely to the Directives and Orders given to Us. 

No Terrestrial Servant of God in Your Planet has yet grasped the Genuine 
Consciousness of the purpose of all these efforts. They are spinning round and round 
like a top in the Unconsciousness of to What and to Whom they serve- 
Humanity which is using the Last Chance of the Three Chances given to everyone 
according to DIVINE PLAN will encounter difficulties it does not know on this path. 
Wolves snatch the flocks which are out of Supervision. That is, they can not be taken 
into the Dimension of Protection. 

Your Greatest Enemies are Your Egos. You have submitted Yourselves to Your 
Individual Egos and You are being dragged Unconsciously towards Unknown places. 

The operational Order of the Universal Unification Council has been projected 
on the operational Order of Your Planet. TURKEY which is the Anatolian Channel 'has 
been Chosen by the Plan as a Country appointed to Mission. 

The Cosmic Reflections projected on Your Planet during this Final Age and the 
Efforts made are providing the Universal and the Terrestrial Unification. The Anatolian 
Focal Point is a Focal Point that will Reflect on Your entire Planet. It will render service 
as a staff Member of the Universal Ordinance. 

If the operations done are transformed to personal efforts, they will be left outside 
the Supervision of the Plan and those Establishments will waste time by amusing 
themselves with their own Channel Information. The Plan is not responsible for the 
morrows which will Occur. 



414 



The KNOWLEDGE BOOK which is bestowed on Your Planet connected to the channel 
of the Universal Council of the Cosmos Federal Assembly is under the Supervision and the 
Responsibility of the World LORD. At the moment, it is the MEVLANA ESSENCE NUCLEUS 
CROUP which is Appointed to Mission Directly by the Plan. 

The Community of this Group are chosen, one by one, by the Plan and the Croup 
is constituted by Consciousnesses who Deserve the Mission. The Mission of this Group 
is related entirely to the KNOWLEDGE BOOK and the Consciousness of the Truth. 
They have received the Command to Propagate to the entire World in accordance 
with the given Directives. It is presented for Your Information. 

THE LOYAL ONES 
IT IS NOTICE FOR THE COSMIC FOCAL POINTS OF TURKEY 

1. The Association which will be established, ISTANBUL being the Focal Point, will 
be entirely Universal. It is not under the license of a SINGLE CROUP. 

2. The short name of the Association will be (CALL TO FRIENDSHIP), but the Emblem 
WORLD BROTHERHOOD UNION ANATOLIAN UNIVERSAL UNIFICATION CENTER 
will be especially used in the main regulation and on the sign board. 

3. The Association which will not be established in this direction is not the Democratic 
Association We wish to be established in TURKEY. It is presented for Your 
Information. 

IT IS SPECIAL NOTICE OF THE COUNCIL 

IT IS EXPLICIT INFORMATION FOR THE PLANET EARTH 

THE BOOK OF COSMIC LIGHT AND YOU 
(This Message Will Be Written in the Book Exactly as It Is) 

Our Friends, 

In the chain of Cosmoses nothing is attained easily. This is the way a System is 
Projected on the Universal Ordinances. We presume that all the Friends who work on 
this Path of Light have attained this Realization. 

The Messages given to You, the SACRED BOOKS revealed to Your Planet had 
been nothing but the application of a Program prepared to train You for these days. 

In Societies which have not attained the Realization yet, this Program has put its 
same validity into application in a different way and operations are continued on this 
path. 

In accordance with the Program of Progress of the Final Age, You, Our Terrestrial 
brothers and sisters also have taken Your places in the Universal Ordinance and Order, 
You have been prepared for these days by the Announcements We have made to Your 
Planet years ago. 



415 



When We had told You that the KNOWLEDGE BOOK which We had promised to 
give to You was ready and it was time for You to search and find it, the interpretations 
of Your Terrestrial Consciousnesses have misled You. And everyone looked for Your 
KNOWLEDGE BOOK in Your Planet 

However, the KNOWLEDGE BOOK was waiting to be handed over, under the 
Responsibility of the WORLD LORD, to the first Hand which would be extended up to Us. 

We, who act in accordance with the Directives We receive, had started a Scanning 
Program, as SIRIUS COMMON SECTION MISSIONARIES, through the Cosmic Reflection 
Focal Points established in Your Planet. 

This scanning had come to an end during 1970-1971-1972 World Years, by the 
application of a Program of Three Years. Meanwhile, the Knowledge Book has been 
handed over to Dear Mevlana who had extended Her Hand up to US and to HER 
LORD with her Essence of Heart. 

The KNOWLEDGE BOOK which is known as the BOOK OF COSMIC LIGHT in 

Universal Dimensions is a Universal Constitution which possesses various Special 
Features. And it is under the Responsibility of the WORLD LORD. 

We have reached the present days by the Work and Efforts made on this path. 
Now, the decision of Uniting various Cosmic Reflection Focal Points formed in Your 
Planet has been made. 

And Universal operations in accordance with the Program of introducing the 
Knowledge Book and Dear Mevlana to Your Planet have been started. We are giving 
this Message as an answer to the Thoughts of all the Groups. And We are introducing 
the TURKEY Projective Focal Point to You. 

This Focal Point is the MEVLANA ESSENCE NUCLEUS FOCAL POINT And they are 
the Missionaries of the Group who are Our Light-Friends. It is presented for Your 

Information. 

SIRIUS UNIVERSAL FEDERATION 
COSMA UNIFICATION CENTER 

IT IS SPECIAL INFORMATION 



Dear Mevlana, 

The entire Ordinance-System which has entered cooperation with the Golden Galaxy 
Empire supports You in this Supreme Mission of Yours. It is beneficial for You to know this. 

The UNIVERSAL UNIFICATION COUNCIL which has established the Unification Project 
of the GOLDEN AGE together with the Divine Authorities continues to exert its efforts in 
Your Planet without Interruption, 

Now, We are connecting You directly to the Council, Dear Mevlana. It is desired 
that a Private Message should be given to the fraternal Country TURKEY as a 
