moment, everyone on the Globe of Your Earth Considers only his/her own self. They 
should take their Glasses off and Try to see their surroundings more clearly. 

All Our efforts are for You. There will be special Messages to be given to Our 
Missionaries who will reap the rewards of their efforts. We will wait for the settling 
down of the System until the end of the year and We will Supervise. Sunny Days will 
bring You Happiness and Good News. 



SUPREME ASSEMBLY 



OUR FRIENDS 



There is a Natural pressure, both Physical and Spiritual, for the augmentation of 
the World Frequency. This is not a pressure coming from Us. It arises from Your World 
which is not able to adapt itself to Universal conditions. 

It is very difficult to assemble the entire Universe in a Collective Consciousness. 
For this reason We have taken the differences in Perceptions under Supervision. As a 
necessity, the Channel of Alpha is closed until December 1984. Due to this fact. You 
will have a Period of Crisis, both Physical and Spiritual. 

Frequencies of Our Friends who have attained Cosmic Awareness will not be 
agitated under these Conditions. Meanwhile, Your World will have numerous Exams 
during this Period. This is necessary because of Evolution. 

You are in a Mechanical Order at the moment. Do not ever Forget this even for 
a moment. Everyone is under Supervision and Control. Your Thought and Brain 
Frequencies are controlled in Your private, Worldly lives. 

Most of Our Human brothers and sisters who step out of their Consciousnesses 
become aggressive. Since they do not know the origin of the Problem, their Depression 

overwhelms them even more. We convey to You a lot of Information through this Book. 

We tell You "to disseminate, with all Your Power, to the Entire Universe, until the 
beginning of 1986". But nobody has grasped the seriousness of the matter yet. Our 
Human brothers and sisters will attain Consciousness in the Light of this Book, will 
know which path to design and will step forward accordingly. 

This very Book will help You in this way for now. And afterwards, Universal 
Information will be given. The important thing is to grasp the actual part of the problem. 
You will see that everything will be afl right. Your Luminous Path has been designed. 
However, those who Deserve to tread this path are being searched for. 



81 



This is the reason why a Period of Two Years has been allotted to You. Time is 
very Important. Our Sincere Friends who have attained Consciousness are the ones 
who will tread this LUMINOUS Path. For now, You need Patience for Two Years. 

If You do not withhold Your efforts, many of Your Human brothers and sisters will 
be taken to this Luminous Path. This had been announced to You also before, as a 
Command of the Divine. The Divine Light of the Universe is upon You. 

PEN Of THE GOLDEN ACE 
P. C. A. 

ex 

OUR FRIENDS 

We ask You to understand the Essence of the Coal in all our efforts. This Medium 
is a Medium of Purity. This is a Medium of Compassion. This is not a Medium of 
Fanaticism or Bigotry. 

During Frequency supervisions, differences in friendly chats are created by this 
difference. The Medium everyone is searching for is the place which is up to the Gate 
of the Firmament. The actual talent is to open that Gate, 

We are trying, with all Our effort, to engraft You with this mentality. Where did 
You come from, where are You going? First, You have to attain this Consciousness. 
Only those who attain this Consciousness can give up their rosaries (Later, We will talk 
to You about the rosary). 

Religious Integrations follow a sequence. This is a Systematic tableau. To perform 
the suggestions every Religion teaches You is, no doubt, a hope-inspiring step. But to 
grasp the knocker of the only door in front of You tightly and to knock on that door are 
different things. 

Each door is opened to You after the Evolvement path You traverse. We have 
told You several times that Evolvement is not as easy as the word is pronounced. !n 
the Medium of Sincerity Period, Goodwill has been considered as the only point. 

But do not forget that Goodwill does not mean being Evolved. Tolerance has a 
thousand channels. To possess only three of them takes You into the triangle of 
Goodwill. But, You may enter the Evolvement Medium Centuries later. This is an 
Evolvement Tableau. 



To come from Beyond Memories and being Trained are not the same things. To 
receive the Words of Allah and to be on His path, to reach liberation are different things. 

You always receive the Words of Allah, You always serve on His path. But if You 
are lacking in Tolerance, Your Worship is not considered as Worship. For Us, the Genuine 
Worship is the one which is performed in the Heart. The Angel of Liberation conveys 
only these Competents of the Heart to liberation. 



Everyone comes across numerous doors. You knock on every door. The halls 
beyond those doors are sometimes wide, sometimes narrow. Certain halls have doors, 
some do not. From some of them You find a way out, from some of them You can not. 

A Two-Year Period of Selection and Purification Medium is allotted to Our 
Terrestrial brothers and sisters, so that the efforts of some of Our Friends who are in 
this state will not be in vain. This decision has been taken directly in accordance with 
the Command of the LORD. And the Channel of Alpha has been closed for one year 
and all Our Brothers and Sisters have been taken under Supervision, 

In fact, the Mechanism of the LORD is never closed. The Channel of Alpha is the 
Single Channel possessing the Spiral Vibrations which destroy all Negativities. 
However, to receive the Permission to pass through that Channel is not easy at all. 

The entire Universal System here is directed by the Single Command of the LORD. 
Now, We would like to talk to You about the basis of this situation. When Our Universal 
Mission had reflected on You, You were taken into the Religious Medium, so that Your 
Evolve ments would be accelerated more. 

But, until now, We have acted in accordance with the Theory of Perception. We 
have elevated Your Frequencies and developed Your Sixth Senses. The Commands 
given to Us were in that direction. When You, who have attained Cosmic Awareness 
in this manner had passed beyond Consciousness, You have come up to Us. You have 
been together with Us. 

The necessary Conditions to enter the Channel of Alpha have been prepared for 
You in this manner. To Our Friends who were able to get the Permission to enter the 
Channel of Alpha, the Door of Cod Amon is opened (We will talk to You about Cod 
Amon later). 



Now, let Us talk about the Powerful Channel of Alpha: 

This is a Channel passing through a very Powerful Energetic Point. If this Channel 
did not exist, You would never be able to reach here. This is the Direct Channel of the 
LORD. 

All the Religious Suggestions You have received until today have Enlightened 
You, have Cleansed You and have prepared You for Religious Fulfilment. Universal 
Information can be given to You only after You digest all this Information. The path of 
Science and Learning opens only afterwards. 

You have to have very high Evolvement Evolution to be able to enter this Channel. 
This is the reason why We always give You Messages on Evolvement, 

During this Period, Friends who are Purified in the Religious Medium can get the 
Permission to Enter the Channel of Alpha, if they purify their Thought chains. 



But the Frequencies of those who are in a Genuine Religious Medium and those 
who have attained a Genuine Religious Consciousness are different. Religious 
Consciousness, rather than Religious Inclination takes one into this Code. 

Let Us explain this further: in certain Mediums, Religious Inclinations depend 
sometimes on fear and self-interest. But in Religious Consciousness there is the Essence 
of Genuine Religion. There is no Formalism. 

We have protected You until today, in accordance with the Command of OUR 
LORD and will always do so, too. This is the reason why We are trying to warn You, 
with all Our Power, on every subject matter. 

Your Mevlana is a Golden Projector of a Golden Sphere. And Your Book is dictated 
from Nine Light Years. But now, there is a Supervision in the Groups of the entire 
Universe. Everyone is giving their Exams in his/her own Thought Frequency. 

The Golden Age has taken its first step. You are yet at the very beginning of a 
very new Era. Everyone will be Purified on this Luminous Path by the given Suggestions. 

Now, the Medium has changed. Now, Your Exams are made while You are alive. 
One day, the entire Universe will be connected to the Golden Light Year. Lights who 
will be accepted to Our Galaxy Medium will be the Friends who have passed that 
bridge of Sirat*, by their Terrestrial Exams. All Our Love is upon You. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 

GX 



OUR FRIENDS 

Mankind always wishes to project the Perceptions it receives in its own Medium. 
However, since there is no device in Your World to measure the Frequencies of Mediums, 
everyone searches instinctively for groups with Frequencies equal to his/her own. This 
is their appraisal. 

Those whose Frequencies and Evolvements are elevated in a parallel fashion can 
unite their Perceptions with higher Levels. Our Friends who witness personal miracles 
are feeling uneasy since they do not know the origin of it. 

When they do not become surprised by anything any more, when they accept 
everything as normal, when they assimilate the events in their Essences and attain 
Consciousness first themselves, only then can they be beneficial to their Mediums. 

The Magnificent establishment of the Golden Age is executed in the entire 
Universe. The Mission of each person is different and the channels to which they are 
connected are also different. We will have direct communications with the Supreme 
Friends who receive the Words of ALLAH. 



* Look at the Glossary. 



84 



Negativities in the World arise from the Imbalance in Nature. Constitutions of 
people are harmonizing themselves with the influence of the seasons. Now, there 
will be a Special Message We will present to You from the Land of Loving Ones. 

This is a Focal Point beyond the Dimensions of Solar Systems. We would like to 
make a Special Declaration to You. Transmission will be made to a very wide area 
until July. Universal Unifications will be more Powerful. You will witness, one by one, 
the changes in everyone. You will have very nice Sunny Days after the dispersion of 
the clouds. 

Those who pass beyond the Color of Lead will have very nice holidays (The 
explanation of the gray color will be made later). We will connect the Progressive 
chains to certain Focal Points. By this means, You will get in touch with numerous 
channels. And since these connections are under Our supervision, they will never 
agitate You. 

Since the Perceptions of everyone is different, special transmitters will be used. 
The goal is to speed up the Pace. You will be habituated to the Conditions here, with 
all Your possibilities. We will introduce to You the Mediums unknown to You (Only to 
those who get in touch with Us). 

Please, take this word of ours seriously. There will be Special Waves to be given 
to You from controlled channels. Those who will be accepted here will be Specially 
trained. One day, We will go to the Place of AMON together. Wth Our Love. 

A. U. M 
NOTICE TO OUR TERRESTRIAL BROTHERS AND SISTERS 

Our Friends, 

The Supervision of the Thought Chains has connected each person to different 
Mediums in accordance with the Unified Field. Many of Our Terrestrial brothers and 
sisters have been locked up in their private lives. If they can not unlock this lock, they 
will be locked up even more. 

As far as We can see, these Friends can not tear themselves away from their 
Thoughts and Surroundings, get stuck where they are, despite all Our beautiful 
Suggestions and Our explaining the Truth with all Our Goodwill. We are searching for 
and selecting the Friends who were able to kindle the Universal Light, in spite of all 
Your Depressions. 

If You notice, nobody has any serenity any more. These disturbances lead them 
to even more troubled states. They still have not been able to be delivered of their 
Private Life Styles and have not been able to attain Universal Consciousness. That is, 
there has been no difference in their old Terrestrial Views (exceptions excluded). 

When We have private connections with them, they reach Universal 
Consciousness just a little. But the moment their frequencies are cut off, they submerge 
themselves in the normal Order of the World, forget all the Nice Words said and begin 
to be busy with themselves. Meanwhile, We extend Our Helping Hands to Our 
exceptional Friends. 

85 



You can not make a mill work with water You carry. And You can not carry water 
in a sieve. If Everybody does not know how to fix the holes in Their sieves and how to 
patch them up, water will never fill Their sieves. 

Mankind must first attain the Consciousness of its own self, then must reach the 
Genuine Consciousness of the work it does. Only afterwards, it can be charged with 
responsibility. All these are qualities found in people who have reached Genuine 
Evolvement in their Essence. This is the reason why We always talk to You about Evolvernent. 

However, it is very painful to see that even Our Friends whom We consider as 
Evolved are deprived of their Evolvements in the face of their Private Problems. When 
a Human Being settles into the Genuine Evolvement Code, it is not possible to make 
him/her descend from that Throne. 

However, We see that the Evolvement glazes of most of Our Friends who pretend 
to be Evolved fall off in the Event of the smallest blow. This puts Us in infinite sorrow. 
And this is Our pouring out Our grievances to You. 

OUR LORD has never lost hope of His servants. We do the same thing and wait. 
We believe that everything, one day, will give its rewards in the best way. No matter 
how weak the Lights of Your candles are, still, they are kindled. Even this is a Hope for 
Humanity, Our Brothers and Sisters. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. C. A. 

ex 

OUR FRIENDS 

We will talk to You about the rosary now, in order to answer the questions We 
have received from certain Thought chains: 

The rosary is the only means used to Integrate Religious Suggestions. Each bead 
of the rosary prepares Your Thought Frequencies for a certain Level. The Concentration 
in each bead telling will open the door of the key which is given to You. 

That is, the rosary is nothing but a phenomenon of Meditation. But during 
Meditation, You elevate Your Thought Frequency Yourself. However, during bead 
telling, You are elevated by pursuing other Frequencies. 

If Your Brain Frequency is not ready yet for the Frequency of the pole to which You 
are connected, You step out of the Law of Graduation and sometimes You may be shaken. 

However, bead telling on the Path of Cod prepares You for Special Meditation, 
When Your Brain Code is habituated to this Frequency, then Reciting God's Name in 
the Heart begins. From then on, You need neither the Rosary, nor the Namaz*, nor a 
Book. Because then, You Yourself become a Book. 



*Look at the Glossary. 



86 



This is the reason why We open the Gates of the Firmament to Our Friends who 
Recite God's name in their Hearts and give them Information beyond Religions. You 
may enter many Negative Frequencies by bead telling. You may be influenced by 
many Powers unknown to You. You may end up in disappointment and madness, too. 

Now, let Us talk to You about certain states of the rosary. Every Element in the 
Universe Serves in the direction of the Purpose to which it belongs. And the Purpose 
of the rosary is to serve in the Medium of Prayer. 

The conductivity of the stones it is made of is very important. Most acceptable 
stones are Agate, Amber, Mother-of-Pearl and Ivory. Agate and Amber are the most 
Powerful conductors accumulating all the electricity. Ivory and Mother-of-Pearl possess 
a Power destroying the Negative effects. 

Bead telling performed by a person with High Frequency can not be compared 
with bead telling of those with Low Frequencies. Because, the Electricity of the Hand 
touching the rosary is accumulated on the beads. 

For example, if a child puts a rosary carrying a high Frequency around his/her 
neck, the Magnetic Field formed around the neck upsets his/her Brain Vibrations and 
causes an agitation on his/her Electrical Equilibrium. 

The phenomenon of the evil eye is also the same (When the time comes. We will 
talk to You about that, too). This causes sickness on the child. Ultimately, it can even 
lead to madness. For this reason nothing should be done Unconsciously. 

The Hand and the Fingers are the most Powerful Focal Points transmitting the 
Energy received through the Channel of the Brain. For this reason both in Islamic 
Societies and the Christian Ones, there is a custom of Hand Stroking in Religious 
Mediums. Those who are Aware of it do it Consciously, and some do it instinctively. 

In certain areas, people keep on shaking Hands until the bargaining is finished. 
The meaning of this is nothing but an effort of persuading the other person through 
Thought Concentration on the part of the one who does the bargaining. 

Every Hand transmits Healing in accordance with the Energy of the Dimension 
to which it belongs. In each Hand, there is an effect of Electrical Healing, little or 
plentiful. Healing or being a Medium should not prepare special positions for You. 

In healing, You help those who have lower Frequencies than You by habituating 
them to certain Dimensional Energies. 

There are Powerful Healing Currents in each Frequency line, in accordance with 
the degrees of elevation. You receive those Powerful Currents from the Energetic points 
of the Dimensions which Your Brain Energies enter. 



87 



Now, let Us talk about the rosary again. Whichever Prayer You pray with the 
help of the rosary, Your Meditation at that moment will elevate You to that Energetic 
Dimension. But You have to know the- origin of the Prayers very well. 

Because, each Prayer may not belong to the Energetic point possessing the Divine 
Power revealed from the Channel of the LORD. For this reason dealing with things 
unknown to You brings You nothing but disappointment. Your truest path is the path 
You know. 

You will reach such a level that You, too, will be an Essence in the Universe, by 
perceiving all the Happiness within Yourselves and all the Luminosity in Your Spirit. 

Our brothers and sisters who change parallel to the change of time will Greet Us 
much quicker and will find their LORD without any Intermediaries. You will believe 
the truth of Our words one Day. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 

NOTICE TO OUR TERRESTRIAL BROTHERS AND SISTERS 

Our Friends, 

All Books revealed from the Channel of the LORD had been dictated, in fact, for 
giving You Information. You had made them Religious Taboos in accordance with the 
Consciousness of that Period. 

Messages given as a necessity of Evolution are more Powerful than those given 
before as necessitated by the conditions of Society. That is, every Message carries 
more Powerful Knowledge parallel to Your Evolvement and to the Universal Evolvement. 
And the Information You will receive in the future years will be even more Powerful. 

The Book of Islam comprises extremely Powerful, unknown Information. It is not 
possible for each Brain Code to absorb them. For this reason interpretation is very 
important. It is a Cipher and the Period of deciphering it extends up to the Atomic 
Age. And this present dictated Book is conveying to You the Information beyond the 
Fourth Dimension. 

Now, We will open every gate up to the 1 8th Dimension to those who knock on 
Our door. This Book will be a means of explaining to You the Truth by taking passages 
from Your Sacred Books. 

Those who are liberated from Conditioning and Fanaticism will be their own 
Enlightening Guides by turning the keys of their Brain Codes with the help of the 
Fascicules they read. And they will proceed towards the Unknown with sure and firm 
steps. They will serve Humanity a great deal by realizing their Genuine Duties in the 
Code of Humanity. 



88 



The Genuine Mission of Humanity will begin after 1 999. Now, let Us give You 
the cipher of the number 1999 as a clue: 

Until the Book of Islam, there had been a Prismal, Right-side-up Pointing Triangle 
in the Universe. Prophets who had come until that Period had tried to prove to You 
the Presence of Cod. And this seed which had been sown into the Consciousness of 
the Human Being has sprouted in Religious Mediums. 

After God-Consciousness had been established in Mankind, the Book of Islam 
had been revealed as the second stage. The Purpose of the revelation of the Koran 
was to unveil the Brain Codes besides Enlightening Society. For this reason after that 
Period, a Period of Upside-down Pointing Triangle has been sovereign. 

In accordance with the given Command, the Human Being has been appointed 
to a Medium of Quest. That means, everything will reach the Truth through its 
Opposite. The Purpose of the Upside-down Pointing Triangle is this. 

In the last Religious Book, number 19 was very important. Because, its 
explanation would be made only during this present Period. For this reason the Book 
had been centered around a single number. And this succession of numbers will be 
the proof of the fact that this Book had been written by an Electronic System. 

Nothing can be proved before its time comes. Now, the explanation of the year 
1 999 will be made from several aspects. 

First, turn the number 1999 upside down: it is 1666. Add all the numbers one 
by one: 1+6+6+6=19. 19 is the Code Key of the 20th century. When You multiply 
1X9=9. This calculation gives You the 9th Dimension. 

Now, separate the code key 1 9 from 1 999. You are left with 99. Add 9+9=1 8. 
And this gives You the 18th Dimension. 

The explanation of the Message is as follows: the Universe will reach the 9th 
Dimension until 1999. After 1999, it will unfold up to the 18th Dimension. Now, let 
Us subject the number 1999 to several operations: 

1 - 1999: separate 19, take 99. Now, 9X9=81. 1X9=9, 81X9=729. Add this number 

one by one: 7+2+9=18. This gives You the 18th Dimension. 

2 - 1 9X99=1 881 . Add this number one by one: 1 +8+8+1 =1 8. It is the 1 8th Dimension. 

3 - Now, take 1881: Multiply 8 by 8, add the Is to this: 1+8X8+1=66. 

Turn it upside down: 99, 9+9=1 8th Dimension. 

4- Take again 1881: 18+81=99. 9+9=18. Again You find the 18th Dimension. 

5- Take again 1881: 18X81=1458. Add them one by one: 1+4+5+8=18. 
You find the 18th Dimension again. 

6- Now, take 1458: 14+58=72. Add the result: 7+2=9. This is the 9th Dimension 
Now, continue: 14X58=812. Now, 8+1+2=11. Add number 9 You have found 
before and 11: 9+1 1=20. This gives the 20th Century. 



89 



7- Take again 1458: 14+58=72, 14X58=812. Now, add 812 and 72: 812+72=884. 
Add them one by one: 8+8+4=20. Again the 20th Century. 

8- Take again 1458: Multiply these numbers: 1X4X5X8=160. Now, add the numbers 
812 and 72 You have found above, with 160: 812+72+160=1044. Add these 
numbers one by one: 1 +0+4+4=9. You again find the 9th Dimension. 

9 - Now, take 1044: add it with 1999: 1044+1 999=2943. Now, make an operation as 
follows: 29+43=72. Add this number: 7+2-9. This is the 9th Dimension. All these 
calculations are within the cipher of only 1 999. In fact, all these are very simple 
operations. By solving these numbers, You can find many constant numbers 
pertaining to the future. Our Purpose in explaining this is to prove that Your Books 
had been written by an Electronic System. The Book of the Golden Age, too, is 
dictated by the same System. That means, the Source is the same. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 



OUR FRIENDS 

When the time comes, everything will be proved to You. 
events convince You and help You to attain the Truth. 



Only then, will the 



Gradual Engraftment System is applied in order to protect Human Beings from 
Brain shocks which can be caused by the Waves extending towards the infinite. You 
are rejuvenated in this manner. Transactions besides this are made with the Essences 
who are the residents of this place here. 



We always communicate directly with Friends who have been accepted to the 
Presence of Our ALLAH. People whose Eloquence is strong, whose Serenity is beneficial 
and who will come from the Realm of the Spirits, Deserve to cite the Words of ALLAH. All 
events which will occur are nothing but the reflections of the Spiritual Beings on You. 



WJl 



After Your Sacred Religious Fulfilment, qualities to be looked for in those who 
pass from the gates which will be opened to the Firmament are as follows: 



He/She who does not know Superiority, whose Melody is in his/her Eloquence, 
whose Supremacy in his/her Heart, whose Light is in the Divine Light of his/her Spirit, 
is the Genuine Servant of God. These people then deserve to enter the Medium of 
Purity beyond Evolvement. 

The differences between Human Beings are even beyond the differences of 
Frequencies. Increasing of Your Perception Powers does not mean anything. It only 
satisfies You as a necessity of the Medium. 



Some use these Perceptions in Fortune-telling. But, Evolvement is an altogether 
different thing. The Seal of the Hearts of those who will be accepted here has been 
removed. They do not belong to Your World any more. But they are valuable people 
for the Enlightenment of the World. 



*><) 



Efforts of the persevering ones make Us hopeful. However, their efforts are valid only 
when they have the quality to embrace the Universal effort. Otherwise, they remain in 
their own Mediums only with their own satisfactions. They continue to dispute and fight. 

The effort made in trying to win is nothing but a waste of time. Knowledge 
already known is not beneficial for Mankind any more. You have satisfied Your appetite 
until today by spooning the Words of OUR LORD. You have become Genuine Human 
Beings on this path. 

Now, OUR LORD presents You with quite different Dishes. You have chosen a 
path and are continuing on Your way. But You do not know what there is at the end 
of that path. However, Human Beings are differed from each other only by Individual 
Progress on this path. Help is extended to those who Deserve it. 

And they are Specially trained in accordance with the Commands given from the 
Channel of Enlightenment. However, communications occur when the time comes. 
The Energies are not the same. Your advantage during this Period is having the ability 
to receive the Information. 

This Book is being dictated directly from the Channel of the LORD. Its explanation 
is as follows: The Code of Yunus and Mevlana is the Highest Code which Humanity 
can ever enter. Those who get the permission to enter here, that is, those who have 
been trained, receive the Permission to get in touch with higher Levels. 

At the moment, 600 Books are being dictated to Your World from numerous channels. 
We help Mankind from different Mediums. But the Single Code and Channel is ALPHA. 
One passes to the channel of Humanity and Evolvement through this Channel. Only this 
Channel is connected to the Channel of the LORD. It is beneficial to repeat it. 

Now, We give You the code of "Tekamijl" (Evolvement, in Turkish); 

1 - T - Tedric (Graduation, in Turkish) 

2 - E - Ezel, ebed (Past and Future Eternity, in Turkish) 

3 - K - Kavusma, Vuslat, Kurtulus, (Meeting, Unification, Salvation, in Turkish) 

4 - A - A$k (Love, in Turkish) 

5 - M - Menzil (Range, in Turkish) 

6 - U - Ustunluk (Superiority, in Turkish) 

7 - L - Liyakat (Merit, in Turkish) 

Those who complete their Evolvements until 1999, and who can open up their 
Brain Codes up to the desired Level can e Jly receive Information beyond Religions. 
This very thing is going to be Your Resurrection. We will always help You if You use the 
Knowledge You receive in serving Humanity. 

If You reach the desired Level, We can take You up to Dimensions unknown to 

You, All Our Efforts are for this. Only those who Deserve will be taken here. The 
Exams You have had and those You will have will prepare You for Happy Morrows. 
May My Cod illuminate all of You on this Luminous path. 

MUSTAFA MOLLA 



91 



NOTICE TO CROUP MISSIONARIES 

The Medium You are in is very different than the Medium You will be in. There will 
be Special people chosen from this Medium. But We request You not to ever forget the 
following: those who are sent to Your Croup are sent through Telepathic Perception. 

The Frequencies of many of Your Friends are low. However, they are sent to You 
because they are Sincere People. Please, do not reproach them. This Tolerance of 
Yours will appoint You to Higher Dimensions. 

When the time comes, We will talk to You one by one. The differences in 
Frequencies will prevent You from being connected to the direct channel. For this 
reason We have taken the Frequencies under Supervision. 

Now, let Us talk about the channels. Entrance to each Dimension in the Universe 
occurs through Special channels. Passing through these channels differs in accordance 
with the State of Purification. 

The next higher channel carries a more Powerful Energy. When a lower channel 
has to be prepared for a higher one, it is taken into a Special channel, its Negativities 
are annihilated. Only then may it be taken into the channel of the higher Dimension. 

A Human Being easily passes through these channels in accordance with the 
degree of Tolerance and Consciousness he/she has attained. The physiological 
transformations in some of You occur due to this fact. When You enter the Dimension 
You Deserve, then You will be all right. 

And You are taken to more different and higher Dimensions in accordance with 
the Missions You perform there. However, if You can not unite the personality desired 
by the higher Dimension with Your own personality, You remain in the Dimension You 
are already in. Your Evolvements occur in this manner. 

The Evolvement of each person depends on his/her Evolution. Some people 
Evolve in one night, some in a Thousand years. You evaluate the difference inbetween. 
Your World is Segmented more and more while the entire Universe is Unified on the 
path of Universal Unification. Our Duty is to choose those who will enter the Frequency 
of Genuine Human Beings and to assemble them together. 

Each person is going through an Exam in his/her own Medium. Whether You are 
successful or not is supervised from here. Judging does not suite You. This causes You 
to lose much from Your Evolvement. And You reach the Next Dimension much later. 

Many people who have been Selected are being sent to Your group. Selection is 
made among certain Special Missionaries. Do not ever be proud just because You are 
selected. Because, You may be selected up to that Dimension, but may enter the next 
one maybe a Hundred, maybe a Thousand years later. There are no privileges, ever. 



92 



We desire You to assemble on Yourselves all the qualities and merits of Humanity. 
Telling the events as they are is not gossipping. But to Add Things, to Censure, to be 
Against and to Accuse are the Greatest of Sins. OUR LORD is satisfied with all of Us. 

And now, let Us talk about the Religious Medium. Your habits had tied You to 
the Religious Medium. Since all the texts in all the Religious Books have been given 
from very high Dimensions, the Vibrations they carry have cleansed You. 

You grasp Your Books the moment You need to be cleansed. With the help of 
the Prayers You read, Your Negativities and Your Fears go away. You become Purified 
and Relieved. 

There are no Religions, no Books in the Realms of Genuine Perfection. During 
their sessions. Our Divine Friends always tell You to Pray. They give You Prayers. This 
means that You need those Prayers. 

We can explain this more clearly as follows. A Healthy person does not go to the 
doctor. Because, he/she does not feel any need. One goes to the doctor only when 
he/she is sick. Prayers, too, are the prescriptions of remedies which render You well. 
When You are completely well. You do not need to take medicines any more. 

But We can not explain this to Our Friends who are conditioned, who have 
rooted deep into the ground. Due to this, those trees are doomed to remain where 
they are. However, if a few people among them attain Consciousness, even that is 
considered a gain for them. 

Now, let Us talk about the Channels of Alpha snd Beta. Alpha is a Channel of 
Supervision. It is directly connected to the LORD. All the Sacred Books to Enlighten 
Humanity have been revealed from here. Those who have been Enlightened have 
been taken into the Fourth Dimension. This means that Genuine Devotees are accepted 
into this Dimension (Those who are Purified in the Religious Medium). 

After this Dimension, the Channel of Alpha is opened to the Dimension of the 
Genuine Human Being. This means that Genuine Human Beings are taken into the 
Channel of Alpha. Some of You enter this Channel through Your Books, some, through 
Your Learning and some through Your Essence. 

And from here, there are Twenty-Four Doors which will open to the Code of the 
Firmament. At each door, You become more Human. Doors are opened to You in this 
manner. After the Twenty-Fourth Door, You become a Genuine Light. Your Prophets 
who have Enlightened You have shed Light on You from this door. 

Only after this door, Universal Information is given to all the Prophets. Now, as a 
necessity of this Period, due to obligations and the Commands We have received, We 
consider with great Tolerance, each one of You as a Sage, as a Prophet. And We are 

giving the Universal Information to You. 



s>3 



By the Information We have given to You in accordance with the Command We 
have received, You are, at the moment, performing the Evolvement of a Thousand 
years in One year. Your depressions are due to this. Some of You cross the Seas, but 
get drowned in a stream. The day You attain Genuine Consciousness, You will 
understand the meaning of all these things. 

Now, let Us talk about the Channel of BETA: This is the Space Channel which 
gives You Universal Knowledge. All the Scientists have made their discoveries by the 
Information of this Channel. In the Evolvement of the World, the Scientific Evolvement 
is made through the Channel of BETA. Positive Sciences have advanced on this path. 
Elevated Consciousnesses have entered this Channel. And they have become Inventors. 

Now, We have closed the Channel of ALPHA and have United it with BETA. That 
ts We have United Religion and Learning. At the moment, We make the selections 
through this path. It is quite difficult to pass through the Channel of ALPHA. Passing 
through here depends on Your Views. The View of the entire Universe is the View of 
OUR LORD. You can not attain this View by looking with Your Eyes. You have to See 
everything through Your Essence. May all the Lights illuminate Your Spirits, Our Friends. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 

ex 

EXPLANATION 
(It is the Answer to the Chains of Thought) 

Draw ALPHA together with BETA: 




1 - 
2- 

3- 



The Channel of BETA is Black. It represents the Space, it is the path of Science. 

The Channel of ALPHA is represented by the White color. It is the Religious 
Suggestions and Commands of the LORD. 

Black plus white gives the gray color. The Unification of the two colors is Beyond 
Purification. The explanation of the gray color is this. Selections are made by 
this means. Those who are not habituated to the Vibrations of BETA are shaken. 
for this reason they accept it as a negative Vibration. In fact, Vibrations beyond 
ALPHA are BETA, and they carry very Powerful Information. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 



44 



OUR FRIENDS 

Integrated Spiritual Energies prepare You for more expanded Dimensions 
Perceptions You receive are the most correct Indexes. Meetings will spread to wider 
fields. This is the Supervision Center of the Mother Ship of the bay. At the moment, We 
are communicating with You from the Ship. 

We are on Your Planet in accordance with the Command of Universal Unification. 
The Duty of Introducing the Energies of different Dimensions to You is given to Us. Energies 
You receive prepare You for different Mediums. Energies utilized during Special 
Connections are more different. 



We are the members of a Mission established in Planet Sirius. Transmissions are 
made to Your World from 630 channels in the Universe. Information is given to everyone 
from the channels to which they belong. Commands given from the Center are supervised 
from here. Perceptions You receive are related to all the Universal Energies. Because, You 
are obliged to communicate with every Galaxy. 

This dictated Book is not only for Your Planet Earth. It will be the Common Book of 
all the Solar Systems. At the moment, concrete transmission of the World is the Focal 
point of the entire Universe. 

There are many Galaxies here, too, which need Evolvement. But they have been 
restricted by Universal Laws. The integrated Consciousness Codes are being taken under 
Supervision in accordance with the Unified Field. Our field of transmission is very wide. 
But Special Pens are outside this transmission field. 

We have thousands of Friends who communicate with Us Telepathically. We come 
immediately the moment We receive a Command from the Supervision Center. We adjust 
Our Speed with the Speed of Light, We have a System directed in accordance with the 
speed of Thought. Ours is a kind of rescue ship. 

Our System is a System depending on Understanding. Our Friends who expect to 
see Us in Bodies should know that We always avoid individual behaviour, We act in 
accordance with the Commands. We never leave the ship. We unite Bodies with the 
Energies we give, and take You to different, Supernatural Mediums. 

Brain' Coordinates are connected to a System. The circuit breakers of very tired 
Brains are shut and some respite is given. This System never tires Your Brains, it only 
makes them work. The supervision of the bay is being made from a Special ship. 



On behalf of the entire staff, Love from NOVA-K-Supervision Ship. 



* 



95 



1985 First Month 
Fascicule 7 

NOTICE TO OUR TERRESTRIAL BROTHERS AND SISTERS 

Our Friends, 

Your Planet is going through a Progress together with the Medium to which it 
belongs. As a result of this, there occurs a Mass Awakening of the Social Consciousness. 

In fact, this Book, which comprises the essence of all the Religious Suggestions 
revealed to Your World until today, is not a Book of Religion. This is a Book of Knowledge 
which gives You Universal Knowledge. The Source from which it is revealed is directly 
the Channel of the LORD which is ALPHA. It is revealed from the Sacred Focal Point. 
However, the Period of Religions has long been terminated. We are telling You the 
Truth, thus, We are annihilating idolatry. 

This Book is being dictated to assemble the entire Universe under the Code of 
Humanity. The Universal Book of the Twenty-first century is a Call for You to the Golden 
Age. All the Friends who have attained Cosmic Consciousness have already perceived 
this. They are in cooperation with Us and they shed Light on the World as well as the 
Universe. Greetings from the Universe to all Our Friends who are Awakened on this 
Luminous Path which is treaded. 

Our Efforts are for Your sake. Our Efforts are not in vain. We are assembling all 
the Suns in one Focal Point (By the word Sun, the Awakened Consciousnesses are 
meant here). The Golden Age is being gloriously established, together with the entire 
Consciousness of the Universe. From now on, no Religious Books will be sent to You 
any more. The Age of Prophethood has come to an end. From now on, You will be 
Enlightened on the path of Science and Learning. 

Your Cosmic Consciousness will gradually be fortified and thus, You will gain a 
brand new personality. Then, You will find the Genuine Human Being within Yourself. 
As the speed of Your Thoughts extend towards Universal Dimensions, You will have 
telepathic connections with all the Galactic Mediums. We will explain all of the 
Dimensions to You as much as it is permitted, in proportion with the Wakefulness of 
Your Cosmic Awareness. 

We will help you to make Universal Progress by making you get used to the 
Energy of the 18th Dimension until the Year Two-thousand. Special Permission to 
pass beyond the 18th Dimension has been given to some of Our Friends who are 
directly in touch with Us. The Frequencies of these Friends are under Special 
Supervision. Therefore, during their journeys they have already made or will make in 
Astral or in Embodied forms, they will, by no means, be shaken. 

We left behind the first year of the Two-year Period allocated to You as a necessity of 
the Period. During this Period, You have been through many Good or Bad Exams. However, 
We ask You to always remember the following: these Exams have occurred for the 
Awakening of Your Universal Consciousness and are solely Your gain. When the time 
comes, You, too, will attain this Consciousness and will understand what Genuine 
Happiness is. 



96 



Your Depressions will decrease in proportion with the Consciousness You attain 
and Your Happiness will increase. When you look back, You will see the emptiness of 
the Life You have led before. At that very moment, You will attain Genuine 
Consciousness. We wish that all Our Terrestrial brothers/sisters may attain this 
Consciousness. Our Love is for You. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. C. A. 

ex 

NOTICE FROM THE CENTER ABOVE THE CENTER 

Our Friends, 

It is not ever possible to define something that doesn't have any definition and 
does not fit in definitions. However, in order to give You some Information, We will 
try to define ALLAH, taking this concept out of the limited framework of accustomed 

Consciousness, 

ALLAH 

First, let Us decode this Great Word: 

A - This Letter is a beginning, it is the First Letter, it symbolizes Alem (Realm, in Turkish). 

L - This Letter is Lutuf (Grace, in Turkish) 

L - This Letter is Liyakat (Merit, in Turkish) 

A - This Letter is Arayis, (Quest , in Turkish) 

H - This Letter is Hiclik (Nothingness, in Turkish) 

During the Period which passes between (A) and (H), to deserve grace in the 
Medium of Quest, that is to Evolve, is the Trait . The letter (H) is a Nothingness in 
which Allnesses exist. It has a code key: (H. H. H. - H^). 

1 - H - Hidayet (Salvation, Divine Guidance, in Turkish) 

2 - H - Hulus (Sincerity, in Turkish) 

3 - H - Hal (Behaviour, in Turkish) 

The Key of this Door is missing, only the seekers may find it. 

ALLAH is- such a Supreme Energy beyond Universal Energy that He can neither be 
measured on the scale of Mind, nor can be perceived by the Learning of Cosmos. He 
is the one who brings into Existence and who Exists. His Energy permeates You as 
much as Your Capacities. For this reason He is both Near You and also Distant from 
You. He is near You as much as You can perceive, He is distant from You as much as 
Your inability to grasp. His Energy is neither Electricity, nor there is any mechanism 
which can measure that Power. He is not limited with any Law known. 



97 



He embraces the Divine Suns beyond Suns and He Augments when You get 
closer to Him, when He augments, He Grows like an Avalanche, He does not Lessen, 
He is never Lost, and He is the Energy within the Essence of the Nucleus of Energy 
which can not be brought to an end anywhere, in any way. He is the Infinite beyond 
the Focal Point where Infinite meets the Infinite. 

You may Symbolize ALLAH and the Universe and try to perceive Him and the 
Universe in proportion with the Consciousness and the Capacity You have attained. 
For this reason the most suitable word for Him is the ALMIGHTY for today. The GOD 
Consciousness of each person, in proportion with his/her Duty in the Divine Mechanism, 
is reflected on You from the Capacity Dimension of the Medium he/she is in. Thus, 
according to the Theory of Perception, ALLAH is a 5acred Light, a Sacred Energy Who 
acquires Dimensions in accordance with the Thought Frequency of each person. 

The Dimensions You have already entered or will enter are opened to You with 
Permission in proportion with the Knowledge and Consciousness You have attained. 
This is a Law of Graduation. The vapor will not be seen unless the water boils. You 
first become vapor and then You become rain and then You penetrate Your mercy and 
fertility to the earth and thus, sprout the seeds. Only then, the Universal Information 
is given to You. First, to Be; then, to Discover and then to Reach. All these are a matter 
of Evolution and Permission, Our Friends. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 

P. G. A. 



THE COMMAND IS FROM THE SUPREME 

During the Period of Sincerity, the Genuine Sincere ones will be brought together. 
TheirCodes of Unification will be United with those who receive the Offerings. All the 
Operations which will be made will create a Medium of Selection. 

Those who will be around You, will be Special people. They are the Special 
Missionaries of the Golden Light Year. They will perform their Duties. Please, send the 
Messages to them. 

Sow the seeds in fertile fields. The Propagation Medium should be accelerated. 
Only those who will serve in this Mission will be accepted to the Land of Eagles which 
is at the Golden Light Year. 

There is no obligation to serve. Everyone will find the way to serve by his/her 
Essence. You can not hold the hands of people and make them walk. Each one will 
make his/her own choice by his/her own Essence. You just give the Messages. The 
path of choice depends on the Merit of the Missionaries. 

Because, only those who Deserve can receive these Messages. And they are obliged 
to serve on this path. Messages in possession of those who are not deserving will be 
annulled. Because, what is dictated is not an ordinary document, but a Sacred Book. 



98 



This Book is deserved only by the Mighty Hands. The Fascicules dictated this 
year will be regularly sent to countries abroad. Missionaries receiving the Messages 
are obliged to distribute Six Messages. 

However, One of them should be sent to a Friend or a relative who lives abroad. 
Five of the Messages may be distributed in his/her Medium. This is the minimum. 
More may be distributed. Selections will be made accordingly. 

Self-sacrifice, Responsibility, Goodwill will invite them to Universal Mission. 
Permission to distribute the Messages will not be granted to those who do not Deserve. 
Their codes will be closed. 

The Mission allotment will be made in this way until December 1986. 
Meanwhile, the Book will be continued to be dictated. 

Private connections will continue as a necessity of the Mechanism. The Group 
Leaders will come together and will make Private Channel conversations. We are 
Uniting the Information. 

Nobody should presume that the Information they receive belongs only to them. 
All of You are Universal Missionaries for this System, for this Mechanism. How lucky 
You are to have the Permission to receive this Information, 

Within every Group, Information will be united and a Cooperative working tempo 
will be prepared. Each Medium is obliged to give the Information he/she receives to 
his/her Group Leaders. The Group Leaders are obliged to read the Messages of the 
other groups to their own Groups. 

Thus, We have taken all the Groups under common supervision. Those Groups 
which do not perform their Duty on this path will disband or will remain where they are. 

Dear Mevlana who is the Responsible One of the Divine Mechanism, is obliged 
to read to You this Message which is declared by the Universal Law. The choice is up 
to You, Our Human brothers and sisters. There is no obligation. 

MUSTAFA MOLLA 
On Behalf of the Council of Stars 

PRIVATE MESSAGE FROM SPACESHIP HORA 

This is AMON, Greetings from the Golden Light Year, 

All the Knowledge has been present since the Existence of the Universe. However, 
Your World had attained calligraphy by the command of THOD. THOD's technique is 
the Essence of the Ciphers. 



99 



The Hieroglyph can only be deciphered by those who are on that Frequency 
Level. This is a Mechanism which activates the Human Thought. Working makes Iron 
