cycles. Your Planet which has been taken into the Accelerated Evolutionary System of an 
Advanced Plan is making its Final Progress in the Light of the Exalted Consciousnesses 
who have been able to reach up to the Spiritual Plan. 

However, while You are getting ready for the Evolution of a different Reality which is 
not known yet by anyone, You are obliged to act very cautiously. The Predestination 
Tableau of Your Planet has been designed until the year 2000. 

There are many Critical Periods in front of You which You will pass. These will be 
Your BERZAH*. And by this means, the Spiritual Plan will be Unified with the Evolutionary 
Dimension. Your Consciousnesses will make You pass over SI RAT*. 

Despite all Our Goodwill, there is no Intercession during this Selection Period as 
Commanded by the top Realities. Mankind will make the Selection in accordance with 
the Consciousness Level it has attained. When the Public Consciousness Unifies with the 
Universal Consciousness, there will be Mass Progress. 

After the year 1 990, Your Planet which will be showered by Cosmic rains which 
have been unknown to Your Planet until today, will make Progress unknown to it. 
And a Selection considered necessary by the Plan which is in touch with Us from the 
Divine Dimension, will be made. The Ninth Solar System will help You on this path. 

CENTER 



* Look at the Glossary. 



318 



PRIVATE MESSAGE 

This Message was given on 7.6.1984. It was not written in the Book since its 
time had not come. Now, We were asked to write it as an Information for the Public 
Consciousness. In those days, my connection to the ARAGON ship had been provided. 
I am also including those Messages as an Information, now. 

B.y. 

The Dimension You are in will serve You with the greetings of SAMURAY who is 
the owner of the Sacred Ring, who holds the Golden Key of the entire Universe in his 
hand and who is the Guardian of the Path of the Golden Light. The Spiritual Beings 
are at Your service. 

One day, I will introduce You to MAHARISHI who is the Sacred Representative of 
the Path of the Sacred Light. You will give him the Voice of the Heavens. You will 
show him what the GOLDEN SCEPTER is. You will mention the Sacred Ring about 
which I will tell You, to the Sun of the Suns. Then will he recognize You. 

He will see Your Three stars anyway. One of them is on Your Forehead, one in 
Your Right Palm, one in Your Left Palm. The Terrestrial Human Being can not see the 
source of the Divine Light in Your Navel Light, no one can know the places where You 

have come from. 

The Symbol of the Sacred Ring is the single path which will lead to the Sacred 
Galaxy beyond Purification. I will make You draw the Sacred Ring as a Symbol. Draw: 



sacred 




S 1 - Path of the Sun- Path of Light 
M Illumination Age 



MY M \M 2 - Path of Am on- Egyptian Karena 



O/CLAO 3 " ALPHA - Sacred Light 



These Three Paths of Light are the same. We call it the Path of YOGO. The Triple 
Unification is the Universal Vibration. All malevolences are destroyed in this Vibration. 
Your Mantra is kept secret. It is given only to You. You can go through the Path of 
Light by means of Your Mantra. And You will be illuminated by the Divine Light there. 
If Your Triangle is M^> the Essence of the Sacred Light is the Sacred Fire and all the 
Secrets of the Universe are given from there. 



319 



1 - The First Channel will give You Serenity, Happiness, Health. 

2 - The Second Channel is the Single Channel which will dictate the Universal 

KNOWLEDGE BOOK. 

3 - The Third Channel will provide for You the Entire Space and the Inter-Galactic 

connections. 

All these Three Channels are very Special, Mutual and Sacred Channels each, 
which pass through the Channel of ALPHA. Tonight, We have opened to You Our 
Channel. May Your Prosperity be great, May Your Spirit be Pure . 

GURUDEV 



MY FIRST COMMUNICATION WITH THE ARAGON SHIP 

My Beloved Friend Mevlana, I am in the Ship to convey to You Our infinite Love. 
This is ALTON speaking, I am carrying a Message from ALTONA to be given to You. 
Welcome to the ARAGON Ship. (The Frequency changed. I received an influence 
unknown to me. The Message continued). 

One goes to the North pole from the South pole. Did You know this? There is a 
secret passageway between the two poles. No one knows this. When the Time comes, 
Mankind will discover it. This is a Natural passageway made by Nature. 

Friends who have come there from beyond Centuries have established there a 
communication System. The Main door of the Passageway is in the direction of the 
Sun's Focal Point. It is on the South pole. 

The temperature in this passageway is always 27 degrees. It is a very comfortable 
medium. We have many Friends who work there. In the Message We are going to 
give You, Friends who come from there wish to communicate with You. 

One descends to the depths of Seas from secret passages. From the partitions in 
the Seas, one again passes to underground passages and from there, one comes up to 
the North Sea from under the Gobi desert. 

Special communications are made with the Scandinavian Countries. BERMUDA 
is another gateway into which this passageway opens. The characteristic of this 
gateway is that it creates a very Powerful Magnetic Medium. An equivalent of this is in 
the Atlantic Ocean and it establishes the Under-Water Civilization. 

Question - Can You please tell me about BERMUDA? 

Answer - This place is a very Powerful Focal Point of Natural gases. Those who enter 
this field are not always bothered by this Medium. In certain times of the season, 
these Natural gases create extremely great whirlpools. These whirlpools pull the 
objects around at that moment, in themselves. This is a Natural phenomenon. 



C 
I 
1 



320 



However, from this tunnel of Natural gases, one enters an empty field and this is 
where We perform Duty. The Attraction Power is extremely great especially in October 
- November - December. And the Whirlpool also occurs in July. 

No one has seen that Whirlpool until today. Because, they are pulled immediately 
into the void. This attraction is a channel formed as a result of the Natural gasses 
contacting the air. From there, one can go very easily through the gateway of the 
Tunnel by the speed of Light. The Gateway of the Tunnel is closed by the Automatic 
Systems there. And people are saved without the slightest scratch. We have numerous 
Terrestrial Friends who are Specially trained there. 

Question - From where do I receive this influence? Who is giving this Information? 
Please explain. (The Frequency changed,) 

Answer - We have been broadcasting to Your Frequency since 3 World hours to convey 
Our greetings. Only now have We been able to provide a direct connection. You 
have received sections from Our broadcast. Our Purpose was to see if Your Frequency 
would be harmonized with Ours or not. 

We are broadcasting from the Southern hemisphere, that is, from Your World. 
The Ufo Systems in touch with You have told Us about You. Yes now, We can 
communicate easily. 

Our Friends told Us that they called You Mevlana. We, too, will call You so. They 
told Us that You were carrying the Waves of the Golden Light on Yourself. We can 
always get in touch with those who carry this Frequency. 

At the moment, We do not have any Special Message to give You. This was only 
a connection test. We will only say Hello from ARAGON. I assume an Underwater 
Center has gotten in touch with You through the Atlantic Ocean. 

They are from the DRAGON Planet. We are in touch with them through the 
South Pole. Our goals and Our work are the same. We serve in accordance with the 
same Consciousness as the Friends who come from other Planets. 

DRAGON and ARAGON Planets are Galaxy Systems which begin where Your 
Ninth Galaxy ends. Underwater installations are perfect here. Cooperative work is 
performed with Friends who come from other Planets. 

We have also connections with many of Your Terrestrial brothers and sisters. Very 
beautiful Mediums have been created in here where they can live. They work with Us 
on Inter-Galactic SEISMIC Research. 



At the moment, ALTON from the South Pole provides the connection with You. 
ALTON is the representative of ALTONA. We were told that Your Galaxy was ALTON A. 
ALTONA is a very beautiful place. It resembles Your World. But only those who can 
use their Brain Energies are accepted there. You are very tired, my Friend, Your Frequency 
is low. 



321 



- Yes, I am tired. I would have liked very much to talk to You. Would You get in touch with 
me when I am not tired, or would You give me a Code cipher so that I can get in touch 
with You? (The Cipher was given.) 

Question - How do You go there? 

Answer - We have Bases on the North pole, on the South pole and in the Oceans. We 
serve in Your World. We provide the Under-water connections by Our Metal Discs. We 
have thousands of Discs which You call Flying Saucers, under the Water. They provide the 
connection with the Mother Ships. 

We are responsible for the channel which connects the South pole to the North 
pole. Dragon and Aragon Planets work cooperatively. We are conducting a Special 
Research. We provide the Inter-Galactic communication by the established Systems. We 
establish both direct and Indirect communications with Our Terrestrial Friends. (Of course, 
with those who can.) We conduct Seismic operations. 

Other Galaxies, too, get in touch with You. Their communication Systems are 
Universal. But Ours is Private. My Friend, You are tired, but You are still on the Screen. 
Rest, please. We will get in touch again. 



SALAN A 



MESSAGE FROM ARAGON 



Dear Mevlana, 
We have a Message prepared to be given to You. Please, write. All Unifications beyond 
Karena are dependent on the Single pole of the Divine Order. A Medium equivalent to 
the flow of the Heavens has been created. The given Messages are, as always, the truest 
Indexes and are given from the truest sources. 

We have not yet been able to provide Your connection with the Channels of the 
Far-East. We presume that We will establish this Channel connection in two months 
(You know that the expression Channel in here means direct Energy Focal Point). 
Actually, You have not been able to reach the Far-East yet. Your first connections will 
be with Japan. 

This place is the ARAGON Ship. We have come to Your Planet by a Celestial 
Command. We can always get in touch with You besides the Private connections. We 
have informed You about Our Code Cipher. We have received Your chains of Thought 
through the Screen, We have been connected to Your Frequency. We are the ones 
who will connect You to the Special Channels of the Far-East. 

We act in accordance with the Command given from ALTON A. You have a Mutual 
Focal Point with MAHARISHI, the Sun of the Suns. We inform You about this, so that 
all Consciousnesses will be enlightened. You are again very tired my Friend. When 
will You come to Us in a rested state? 



322 



We are waiting for Your questions. Questions may always be answered, my Friend. 
But now, rest, please. Good-bye again for now. We send You the greetings of the entire 
staff of ARACON. We will give You the offerings later. You will be made to communicate 
with the Sun of the Suns. We kindly request you to accept our love. Beloved Friend. 



ARGON 



IT IS ANSWER TO CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



The meaning of the word Frequency for Us is, a measurement Unit informing 
about the Titrations and Conveyance of a thing, an Object, a Thought to a certain 
distance. In Universal Dimensions, connections with Cerebral Energies are made by 
the Power Units of Light speeds. In here, We evaluate the Perception and Vibration 
Power between two distances as Frequency. 

The clearest proof of this is that, since the Perception Levels and Vibrational 
Frequencies of Human Beings are different, many Mediums receive Information in 
accordance with their own Frequency Powers. For this reason, sources who possess 
Vibrational Frequencies close to each other, usually receive Messages carrying the 
same Information. 

The other Channels deny the Information of those channels since they are not 
used to that Frequency and since they believe in their own sources. A Medium who 
has attained Universal Consciousness and Awareness, never denies any Power, the 
Information of any Source. Because, that person has now become the Mirror of the 
Truth. And this occurs by attaining the Awareness of the Ordinance, which is not easy 
at all, Our Friends. 

CENTER 



MY PRIVATE COMMUNICATION 

- This is AS.6.1, Mevlana speaking. My code Cipher is ( ), I would like to communicate 

with the ARAGON ship, please. I am waiting. 

- The Channel of ALTONA is connected to ARAGON. Talk, please. 

- This is ARGON speaking on behalf of the ship's staff. I will be honored to talk to You, 
my Friend. 

- The other day 1 was tired. If You have anything to tell me, will You please do so? 

- As the Channel of MUSTAFA MOLLA, You are in touch with all the Universal 
Dimensions. As the Pen of the GOLDEN AGE, the Book dictated to You is the Common 
Book of the entire Universe. For this reason, We dictate to You Messages in accordance 
with the Command given to Us. These are Private Messages belonging to You. 

ALTON is a Supreme Light who converges the Sun Lights on himself. We have 
gotten in touch with You as a result of the Command We received from the Center. At 
present, the Messages are given to provide Unification Mediums. We are waiting for 
Your questions, ask, please. 

323 



- You have told me that You would connect me to the Channels of the Far-East. How? 
To whom? 

- Dimensions beyond distances are an Order even beyond the Divine Order, My Friend. 
In fact, each Channel is connected to the Divine Mechanism. However, this Mechanism 
is the Single Focal Point of the Universal Unification. The connection is the direct 
Channel of the LORD. 

Beyond this, there are such Divine Lights, such Divine Suns and such Divine 
Authorities that these are still unknown to You. All Unifications assemble in the same 
Focal Energy. AMON, the Golden Light dictates the Messages to You. The Channel of 
MUSTAFA MOLLA is in direct connection. 

Now, We will have You communicate with SAM U RAY, the Sun of the FAR- EAST We 
are told that You have received a Message from him before. BUDDHA and SAMURAY are 
direct Focal Points connected to the Divine Sun, at the Dimension way beyond the Divine 
Order. I am told that they had given You each a Message to convey their greetings. 

However, there will be Special Messages when the time comes, which will be 
given through the Center for the Book which is dictated. Now, We will provide only 
the Private connections with You. You can always get in touch with Us, my Friend. 



Thank You very much. 



ARACON 



NOTE: The conversation is Private. 

OUR FRIENDS 

Since the roof of the World Brotherhood Union is the direct Salvation Dimension, 
it has direct connection with the Channel of the LORD. And it is a great Protective 
Medium. There is no question about any Negativity or Obsession for these Focal 
Points. Because, they are under Direct Supervision. Apart from this, the Triangle of 
the World Brotherhood Union is not responsible for those who perform Private sessions. 
This Message is an answer to the Chains of Thought. 



CENTER 



PRIVATE MESSAGE 



Dear Mevlana, Greetings from the ARAGON Ship. This is Mercury speaking. You 
have received the Message We have given to You the other day. Meanwhile, ARAGON 
which is my Private Ship, has also given You many Messages. But I am talking to You 

now Privately. 

The Special Supervision of Our Galaxy is under My responsibility. Ours is a Galaxy 
which has put the second signature on the Constitution as a necessity of the Universal 
Plan. That is, We made great Efforts for the acceptance of the Plan. We are trying, with 
all Our Power, for projecting a Beautiful Order on the entire Universe. 

i24 



We do Cooperative work with SPECTRA. We are connected to and in touch with 
Your Planet through 1865 Channels. These Channels broadcast through the Common 
transmission field with the Channels of SPECTRA. Our transmissions are connected to 
General Channels rather than to the direct channels. For example, like the Press, 
Movies, TV and Radio. 

By this means, Our operational area gains speed. We conduct these operations 
more at the Western Blocks. We meet You only in the direct Information Channel. 
Your Speciality and Mission are to Awaken the World Public and to Unite the Separated 
Religions in an Integrated Whole. 

For this reason, You perform Your Mission under great Supervision since You are 
connected to the direct Channel of the LORD. At the moment, no one has become 
aware of the Mission You are performing, My Friend, but Time and History will show 
You how this Task which is so difficult to achieve, has been settled on the right path. 
Do not ever forget this. 

Dear Mevlana, We know that You have no desire for fame and reputation and 
that You are content. For this very reason, the entire Universe is grateful to You and 
help You. My Supreme Friend, whenever You wish, We may help You in Your Private 
Messages. You can freely get in Touch with Us, please. 

We had informed You about Your Code Cipher. Your Frequency will be connected 
to the Cipher. If You get in touch with Us either in moments of conversation or in 
receiving Information, We will be grateful. The Permission for Our Communication 
has been given by the Center and We have a connection with Your direct Channel. 

We make Announcements to Your Planet through 17 Focal Points, through 1 835 
channels. These are Private Channels belonging to Us. 30 Channels act in accordance 
with the Instructions of the Center. The 18th Channel is the SIRIU5 Focal Point of the 
Mechanism of LORDS. Through this Channel, that is, directly through the Channel of 
the LORD, the Knowledge Book is being dictated to You. 

The sons of the Sun are in touch with You through this Channel. The sons of the Sun 
are the residents of the Golden Galaxy. This place is the land of AMON. Our Love is for all 
the Suns. We, too, are the residents of the Golden Galaxy and the Essence Staff Members 
of the ILONA Constellation. All the Universal Codes assemble in Our Focal Points. 

This place is the Essence Symbol of the Divine Plan. And You are a Responsible 
Messenger of this Focal Point as Our Tongue and Our Pen. All the Truth is conveyed 
through Your Pen. Light-Friends who have been carrying the load of the years on their 
shoulders for Centuries assist You at the World Plan. These Lights are sent to You, one 
by one. 

The Universe is grateful to all the Friends. Greetings, My Friend; with Love until 
We meet again. 

MERCURY 



325 



1987 Fourth Month 
Fascicule 22 

NOTICE FOR THE PUBLIC CONSCIOUSNESS 

Our Friends, 

According to the Information We receive through Your Thought Signals, certain 
Friends are quite bothered about the repetitions of the subject matters in this Knowledge 
Book. However, there is something they forget: A Truth settles down in the Minds only if 
it is repeated over a Thousand times. This is a System and an Ordinance. 

We ask You never to forget the following. At the moment, that which You read 
are the Fascicules of the KNOWLEDGE BOOK. When it is published as a Book, You will 
attain the Truth by a much more Powerful Consciousness. Permission for the Publication 
of the Book will be given only after You are prepared for this required Level of 
Consciousness. 

Each Fascicule acts as a Key by the Frequencies it carries, for the Consciousnesses 
on the Medium of Awakening. And in the Plan of Awakening, Your greatest assistants 
are these Fascicules. Awakened Consciousnesses already know the Truth. And their 
Duty is to Awaken also those who are still Asleep. 

The Art Codes are the first factors in the Social Awakening. They shed Light on 
their Mediums through Painting, Sculpture, Ceramics, Novels, Poetry and Prose. Art is 
a very Advanced Developmental Dimension. The Mission of the Friends who have 
reached up to this Dimension is Social. Their Messages are each an address to the 
Social Consciousness. 

However, We have something to say to Friends who assume themselves to be involved 
in all these works: Works done in conformity with the Universal Plan are always prepared 
according to the Social Order and Social Consciousness. The chosen Works of Art, dictated 
Texts, drawn Pictures are projected on Your Thought Signals under the Supervision of the 
Plan, by the Creative Power Mechanism (You call this Inspiration). 

Fascicules sent to You are the Fascicules belonging to the Knowledge Book. 
However, the Names of the Friends who will receive them (in the Medium of Art) are 
declared by Us to Our Anatolian Channel. And this is put in sequence in accordance 
with CAPACITY - MERIT - CONSCIOUSNESS triplet by determining them in the Archives 
here through Computers. 

When the time comes, this Information will be conveyed to every Art Code. The 
Aim here is to introduce the Universal Order and to project the Truth. By this means, 
the Friends in question will perform their Mission in a more Conscious and Discerning 
way. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



326 



1 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

Each Medium has a Communication System Peculiar to itself. Communications 
of the Far-East Dimension are usually organized in accordance with the Frequency 
Power of the Dimensions and with the Vibrational Frequency carried by each letter. 

For this reason, numerous Names or letters arranged one next to the other without 
meaning anything, are used as Code Ciphers in the Medium of Communication and 
Purification. Mantras given for Meditation are also given with the same Purpose, in 
accordance with the Consciousness Levels. 

SAMURAY who is the owner of the Sacred Ring which was given in the formerly 
dictated Message, is also a Code Cipher. Do not confuse it with the word Samurai 
which You know. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 

IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 
IT IS EXPLANATIVE INFORMATION ABOUT THE FORMERLY DICTATED 

MUSIC AND THE UNIVERSE 
(See, 1986 Sixth Month, Fascicule 18) 

Our Friends, 

Assessments made in accordance with the level of View of the World Plan are never 
equivalent to the Universal assessments. As everything in the Universe is calculated by 
coefficients, the Musical Measures in Your Planet and the Measures here are not the same. 

In the Musical concept and arrangement of Your Planet, a SCALE is constituted 
by Seven MUSICAL NOTES. However, in the Universal arrangement Seven SCALES 
constitute a MUSICAL NOTE. Because here, 49 Musical Notes constitute a Measure 
which We evaluate as a single Musical Note. 

And the assemblage of the 49 sound tonalities of a Musical Note, one by one, in 
an Integrated Whole is evaluated by Us as a single Musical Note. By this means, a 
Musical Note is constituted by 7 Scales. Besides, the tonality of each Musical Note 
has 7 coefficients. 

Let Us explain a little more: A DO has 7 sound tonalities. And in addition, each 
of these sound tonalities has 7 radiating waves. It is also the same for the RE - Ml - FA 
- SOL - LA - Tl Musical Notes. We accept it as a SCALE. 

However, here, since We accept 7 Scales as a Musical Note, We possess a Sound 
Vibration with a much richer volume. However, in Your Planet Your Ear Frequencies 
can not receive these Sound Waves. If these waves could have reached You, Your 
Brains would become liquid. 



327 



Since the formerly given Message had been dictated by Our Medium, and since 
it was contradictory to Your habitual Knowledge on the matter, You accepted it as a 
, mistake. These are the very contradictions We have mentioned to You? 

In fact, there are no mistakes in the Book by any means. We call them 
contradictions since this Information is different than that You have been habituated 
to. And We Specially dictate these matters into Your Book. 

Your Views, Thoughts, Behaviors are assessed and Coded in accordance with 
the Reactions You will have towards these Contradictions. We disclose the necessary 
matters when the time is due for them. One day, You, in more advanced Progressions, 
will attain the Maturity of not denying the things You do not know. It is presented for 
Your Information. 



CENTER 



GENERAL MESSAGE 



Our Friends, 

The Messages You will receive from now on will become more intense and their 
Levels of Knowledge will be more loaded. It might not be possible for every 
Consciousness to grasp them. We will dictate the long Messages in sections so that 
they will not bore the Public Consciousness and that people will understand them 
more easily. 

Besides this, since It is obligatory to repeat the Information which is important 
for the Public Consciousness in accordance with their Levels of Comprehension, We 
ask Our Friends not to consider the given Information as repetitious. 

Because, We always give the Information considering the Public Consciousness and 
as answer to the chains of Thought. Each Person is obliged to accept the Truths in this 
Information (for their own benefit). For this reason, We will repeat some of the formerly 
given Information and explain it in detail. It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



NOTICE FOR AWAKENING CONSCIOUSNESSES 



Our Friends, 

We are passing way beyond what We have been used to until today. In accordance 
with the Ordinance of Graduation, everything begins with the Minimum and expands 
towards the Maximum. 

Our LORD has given Us the Command that We should introduce an applied Plan 
to You during this Period of Sincerity called the Period of Resurrecting, besides the 
Sacred Information given to You until today. And He has taken in hand His Ordinance 
anew and has laid a brand new path of the Golden Age. 



328 



» 



As the Staff Members of the SIRIUS Mission, We serve together with the Missions 
of other Solar Systems under the Supervision of the Divine Plan. 

Even though each established Cosmic Focal Point receives the same Energy 
Frequency, the matter of YOURS - MINE, has come into existence due to the Information 
differences at the sources caused by the inability of breaking the Ego chains in the 
Hearts and due to the Information given in accordance with CONSCIOUSNESS - 
FREQUENCY - MISSION. And the operations are disbanded. 

In the Ordinance which will be established, the Purpose and the Order is a Single 
LORD - Single ORDER-Single BOOK. But this SINGLE BOOK is neither the Old Testament, 
nor the Psalms of David, nor the New Testament, nor the Koran. 

This Single Book is This KNOWLEDGE BOOK which is revealed to You by the Plan 
as an Information. We have often talked to You about the characteristics of This 
Knowledge Book and We will do so again. 

In this Book, the Frequencies of the Philosophy of the Far-East, of the Old Testament, 
of the Psalms of David, of the New Testament and of the Koran have been assembled 
together. And to this is also added the Frequency of the MIGHTY ENERGY FOCAL POINT. 
For this reason, We say: WE HAVE ASSEMBLED THE SIX IN ONE - WE HAVE ADDED THE 
ONE TO THE ONE. 

This is not a Book to be worshipped. Do not overestimate it. With the Consciousness 
You will attain in future beyond Cosmic Awareness, You will learn not to overestimate 
anything. And You will know yourself, by discovering the Allness within Nothingness. 

However, unless the Ego which is necessary for life is rasped and unless it is 
directed towards a Positive Service, Nobody ever will be able to find neither Material, 
nor Spiritual Serenity. 

Your Sacred Books revealed through the Channel of ALPHA have helped You who 
have attained Cosmic Awareness until today by introducing You to Yourselves. But this 
KNOWLEDGE BOOK, as the key to Your Cosmic Consciousness, partly opens the Gate of 
Your Cosmic Consciousness both by its Frequency and by its Explanatory quality. 

During this Period, You will receive and give Information in proportion with the 
Consciousness You have attained. And by this means, You will attain the Right to 
receive more Powerful Information. 

We also call this KNOWLEDGE BOOK, THE GOLDEN BOOK of THE GOLDEN AGE. 
We also accept it as the Constitution of the Universe, since it declares the Constitution 
of the Universe. And We call it the FINAL BOOK OF RESURRECTION, since it Unveils the 
Consciousnesses and Codes the Frequencies. 

Until the Gates of Cosmic Consciousness are opened widely, We will continue to 
give You Celestial Information. Only after then will Everyone become a Book himself/ 
herself. The GOLDEN AGE will be established by such Consciousnesses. 



And an tZOLAN Language, that is, the ATOMIC LANGUAGE will replace the Books. 

Those who overcome their Egos are the ESSENCE Staff Members of the LORD. 
And We are expecting them to Unify and shed Light on the Ordinance of the World. 
Please, get into action, from now on, as Discerning, Logical, Aware Terrestrials and try 
to compensate for the wasted time. Let Us repeat again, as We often do: 

This dictated KNOWLEDGE BOOK and ail the Information given to You until 
today and Your Sacred Books which have guided and Enlightened You are each a 
Celestial Guide Training You, Warning You and conveying You to the level of Humanity. 

During this Final Age, We assemble Our Sincere Friends under the roof of the 
Golden Age. However, We open the Gates of the Universe only for those who overcome 
their EGOs and get Unified by Working Cooperatively with Harmony in their Hearts. 
Our Love is beyond Infinity and for all the Universes. 

COSMOS FEDERAL ASSEMBLY 

GENERAL MESSAGE 

Our Friends, 

As the Establishment Goal of the Golden Age, a Selection is aimed in the Levels 
of Consciousnesses. In the entire Universal Ordinance, Directing System is making 
this Selection in all the sections. 

There are Precautions to be taken, Suggestions to be given. In this Medium, to 
have a Universal View and to have a Universal Consciousness are different things. The 
former saves the Person himself /herself, the latter saves Humanity. 

During this Period, it is not considered as a desired behavior for a Human Being 
to save just himself/herself. However, since such Friends are Reformic Projectors beyond 
Form, they do the work of carrying Auras by projecting their Magnetic Auras on the 
Focal Points to which they go and, at the same time, they, too, attain Universal 
Consciousness in an indirect way. 

After November 1 987, We will Collaborate with Friends who are entirely far from 
being Formalist. Do not forget that the GAMMA Medium through which You are obliged 
to pass, will either Purify Human Beings or Educate them, or else, will Grind them. 

Actions made are under the Supervision of the Plan. Humanity which stands at 
the crossroads of a Three-staged Path, will find its Genuine Path sooner or later. 

Question: What are these three Stages? 

Answer: 1. Divine "Path (Clubs of Religious Teachings). 

2. Central Path (Supervision and Selection for the Period of preparations for 
the Golden Age). 

3. Universal Path (Action through the Unification of Realization - Logic - 
Essence, to Attain One's Own Self). 



330 



Humanity which is at the very crossroads of these three paths, serves at many 
Focal Points to enter the Path of LIGHT, The Operations and Efforts made on this path 
are for making You attain Your Own Selves. 

Those who are Purified on the Divine Path, enter the Protection and Supervision 
of the Center. When You claim Your own Selves, then You act through Your Universal 
Consciousness. You either live for Your Own Selves, or You struggle desperately for 
Humanity. 

The Ranks of those who live for themselves and those who live for Humanity are 
different. Only those who work for Humanity will be accepted into the Path of the 
GOLDEN LIGHT. 

We observe that those who write the Knowledge Book in their Notebooks attain 
the Essence Consciousness of the Plan. By the Command of the Council and the 
Divine Authorities, the Family Mediums of such Friends are given to them as a Gift 
because of the services they perform and their mistakes are forgiven. 

It should never be forgotten that only those who write their Notebooks in their own 
Handwritings and their Family Mediums will be accepted to the Sacred places. This has 
been announced as a COMMAND OF THE DIVINE. It is beneficial to remember it. 

Those who will be taken into the Divine Plan and those who will be accepted into 
the Sacred places are selected separately. The Path of the SACRED LIGHT which is the 
final step of the GOLDEN LIGHT Year will only be opened to those who write the Book. 

It is the Final Exit Gate of the Spiritual Plan. Writing the Book means Purification, 
Responsibility and a Collective Consciousness. Those who wish to write their notebooks 
for self-interest will be kept apart from this selection and will never be able to complete 
their Notebooks. It is presented for Your Information. 

NOTICE FROM THE CENTER 

ELIF - LAM - MIM 
EXPLANATION OF ALPHA AND BETA ACCORDING TO THE BOOK OF ISLAM 

(It is Additional Information) 
(It is Answer to the Chains of Thought) 



1. 
2. 



3. 



ALPHA, corresponds to ELIF in the Book of Islam in the Religious Dimension. 

BETA, corresponds to LAM in the Book of Islam in the Religious Dimension. Because, 
the word LAM is the Vibrational Frequency Key of the LA Frequency, that is, of the 
Spiral Vibrations. 

MIM, is the common Code Cipher of all the Sacred Books (El if, Lam, Mim) had been 
given as a Cipher Code to Our Light-Friend MOHAMMED MUSTAFA who had written 
the Book of Islam. These Three Letters had been connected to the Essence Frequency 
of Our Friend and by means of this Cipher Code, the Information Channel of the 
Center had been opened and the Book of Islam had been completed by the Celestial 
Information given from here. The Essence Cipher of the KNOWLEDGE BOOK which is 
dictated now, is M 3 . That is: M.M.M=M 3 , Now, draw two triangles. Let one of them 
signify the MIM Code and the other the M 3 Code: 

331 



1 , The first triangle is the Code Cipher of all the Religious Books. The Message it 
gives, the first (M) MOHAMMED, (I) HUMAN BEING, (insan in Turkish), the second (M) 
(VIRGIN MARY). 

2. In the second triangle, the First (M) 
is MOHAMMED, the Second (M) is 
(MARY), the Third (M) is MEVLANA. In 
this triangle the MEVLANA Consciousness , 

corresponds to the Letter (i). The M 3 MZ \M M 

triangle is the Code Cipher of the REALITY 1 2, 

OF UNIFIED HUMANITY. This triangle assembles the entire Humanity as a Whole in 
the view of MEVLANA. 






The letter M has a Special value in the Universal Dimension. Let Us make its 
explanation now. If You close the letter M by drawing a line on its top and another 
one on its bottom, You obtain three triangles. 
Draw, please: 

Open this triangle up around a Focal 
Point. Numerate the Foci on the form 
which you have obtained. 

3 Then, You obtain the one single Essence 
of the Pyramid which forms the Atomic 
Whole which We have given formerly. 
This We call a "FLOWER", (see. 1986 
Second Month, fascicule 14). 

If in a Focal Point, Six people bloom a FLOWER connected to a Center, these 
Energies prepare in the normal Level the Magnetic Medium which can directly reach 
the Center. And that Focal Point, as a Pyramid, constitutes a HEARTH. This Pyramid 
Energy is a completed Energy for Us. However, it is conditional that all the Coordinates 

and the Frequencies of the triangle should be Equivalent, 

Now, let Us explain the M 3 Cipher of the Universal Knowledge Book. Draw 
lines at the bottom and top of these letters . If You add all of them, You obtain 9 

triangles which constitute the WORLD BROTHERHOOD UNION. 



1. 
2. 
3. 



The First Triangle is the Islamic Triangle. 
It is three in number. 



The Second Triangle is the Christian 
Triangle. This, too, is three in number. 2- 

The Third Triangle is the Triangle of 
Humanity. This also is three in number. 3- 






MOHAMMED 



MARY (VIRGIN) 



MEVLANA 



332 



This means that this KNOWLEDGE BOOK which is dictated by the Command of 
the UNIVERSAL COUNCIL, is prepared, as a Collective Pen, by the 9 PRE-EMINENT 
Ones of the SUPREME PLAN. It is given to the (MALIK) Code from there, and from there 
it is declared to the CENTER. 

These 9 SUPREME ONES are under the direct Command of the COUNCIL. Three of 
them are the Supreme Ones of the Advanced Islamic Consciousness, Three of them are 
the Advanced Christian Saints and the remaining Three are the Three Souls of Mevlana. 
There, Names are not mentioned, since the Terrestrial Names are a Symbol each. 

All these Supreme Ones are at the Supreme Frequency Dimension and are 
equivalent. Their service for You is to project this Medium of Unification on You. They 
are called the (9)s. For this reason, We use the Code Cipher of the Book as M^. 

This is the Essence-Cipher of the Universal Knowledge Book. And it has been Coded 
to the Frequency of Dear Mevlana by the Center. The Book is dictated by this means. 

In the triangle, MOHAMMED is the Representative of the Islamic Dimension. MARY 
is the Representative of the Christian Dimension. And MEVLANA is the Representative of 
the Dimension of Humanity. 

This Triple Magnetic Triangle is a Key which opens You the Door in which the 
Knowledge of the Dimension beyond the Divine Plan is present. It is presented for 
Your Information. 

CENTER 

DETAILED EXPLANATION ABOUT ASCENSIONS 
(It is Addition to the Formerly Given Information) 

Ascension is not single. These are Interminable. And Ascensions are Consciousness 
Progressions. By these Progressions, You are taken to the applied fields of different 
Plans. And You attain the authority to convey the Information of those Mediums. We 
had mentioned this before and now, please, write the Ascensions in sequence: 

1 . RELIGIOUS ASCENSION: (Knowledge of Seven Terrestrial Layers - Fourth Dimension) 
In each Dimension, there are Three Ranks. Each Rank has different Educational methods 

peculiar to itself. 



a - ASCENSION OF EVOLUTION 
b - ASCENSION OF AWARENESS 
c - ASCENSION OF KNOWLEDGE 



} 



RELIGIOUS ASCENSION 



333 



ASCENSION OF CONSCIOUSNESS: (Knowledge of Seven Celestial Layers - Fifth 
Dimension), There are Three Ranks in each Dimension. Each of them comprises 
different Celestial Information. 



a - ASCENSION OF ESSENCE-CONSCIOUSNESS 
b - ASCENSION OF WORD-CON5CIOUSNESS 
c - ASCENSION OF EYE-CONSCIOUSNESS 



CONSCIOUSNESS 
ASCENSION 



ASCENSION OF UNIVERSE: (Here, there are Three Ranks and the Three Universe 
Knowledge - Sixth Dimension). The ASCENSION mentioned in the Book of Islam 

is this. 



a - ASCENSION OF TRANSCENDING THOUGHT 

b - ASCENSION OF TRANSCENDING TIME 

c - ASCENSION OF TRANSCENDING ONES OWNSELF 



ASCENSION OF 
UNIVERSE • 



5. 
6. 



Those who complete the Sixth Dimension, come up to the Dimension of Seven 
Lights. This is the final Boundary. Its Manifestation is the Human Being. 

The Eighth Dimension is the SPIRITUAL Dimension, 

The Ninth Dimension is the LORDLY Dimension. 



At the moment, Humanity is having its Ninth Ascension beyond Seven Lights by the 
revealed Celestial Commands and Information. There, Science and Learning have long 
become history. But unfortunately, Mankind lacks this comprehension at the moment. It 

is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



EX PLAN ATIO N 



ALLAH INFINITE ENERGY - MATURITY EVOLVEMENT BOUNDARY 

LOVE BEYOND EVOLVEMENT - CONSCIOUSNESS BEYOND LOVE 
HUMAN BEING BEYOND CONSCIOUSNESS - ALLAH BEYOND HUMAN BEING 
ENERGY BEYOND ALLAH - INFINITE EVOLVEMENT BEYOND ENERGY 

A new Life, a new World, a new Happiness at the transition to the Infinite 
Dimension. The Focal Point of the Golden Age is the very place in which the residents 
of the Golden Galaxy will be Unified all together, in the same View, in the same 
Frequency and in the same Thought and We are preparing You for this Blissful 

Dimension. 

You will be Unified in this Blissful Medium with the same Bodies, with the same 
Souls, with Your same Awareness and Consciousness, as You are now, with all Your 
past and present Loved ones and even with Your beloved flowers, trees, animals. 

334 



iiv ...•■;■ . 



Now, in this present Message We are giving, let Us mention again the fact that 
the Messages should be written in ink. We mention it often and We will do so in 
future, too, for You to understand better. 

Those who receive the Messages and who serve on this path will be assembled 
in the same Dimension. Those who write the Messages in ink in their notebooks are 
considered the Savior Mothers of their Family Mediums, whether they are Women or 
Men. And the others in their Family Medium do not have to write the Messages. 

This is a Gift given to You by the Center and the System. Rewards will be reaped 
through this path. In this Dimension, there is no question of being Disembodied. You 
will experience Your actual World here. 

You will see that We are Right when the time comes. Now, very Naturally, You are 
not Conscious of it. But You will believe in the Truth of Our words when the time comes, 
Your Family Circles are in a great Protective Medium, Until We meet in Our beautiful 
World. 

STAR 

NOTE: Please, write: 

I. Friends who perform Social Activity and who possess Universal View will be 
accepted into the GOLDEN LIGHT Year. 

2. For those who attain Universal Consciousness and who serve or will serve 
Humanity, SACRED GATES will be opened. 

3, For those who write the KNOWLEDGE BOOK in their Handwriting with Allegiance 
Consciousness the Path of the (SACRED LIGHT) will be opened and they will be 
accepted here with their Family Mediums. 

These articles are taken from the REGULATIONS of the UNIVERSAL CONSTITUTION. And 
are given to Society as an Information. It is presented for Your Information. 

NOTICE FROM THE 

PRIVATE PEN OF THE CENTER 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 
(It is Additional Information to the Formerly Given Information) 

Our Friends, 

Since this dictated Information will lead You to the Truth, the necessity to explain 
the matters in detail has been felt. 

We have mentioned before, so You know, ALPHA is the Channel through which 
the Celestial Books have been revealed to You until today. This Dimension is the 
Mission field of SIRIUS. And the Triple work done here have been Projected on Your 
Planet through the Channels of Enlightenment, as Religious Knowledge. 

Each Plan has an application field peculiar to itself. Knowledge corresponding 
to the Evolutionary Ordinance of Our Human brothers and sisters, have been prepared 

in accordance with their Capacities and Cosmic Consciousnesses. 

335 



After the Zero World Plan, You are given the Knowledge of Seven Terrestrial Layers 
in Your Celestial Books. This Knowledge prepares You for Religious Fulfillment. Different 
Information is given to those who digest this Information. That is, one passes from the 

Knowledge of Seven Terrestrial Layers to the Knowledge of Seven Celestial Layers. 

The Seven Terrestrial Layers is the final boundary of Your Incarnation rings. There, 
You attain Religious Consciousness. This boundary is the place You call Heaven. It is 

called the Fourth Dimension. 

Each Fetus bestowed on Your Planet is Incarnated in Your World many times in order 
to complete its Evolution. All the Efforts made are for being able to reach this boundary. 

Your Planet is in the Third Dimension. The World Evolutionary Plan is dependent 
on an Evolution between the Third and the Fourth Dimensions. The Fourth Dimension 
has many Levels, too. For now, We will not mention them. 

The Initial Gate of KARENA is the Beginning of the Fourth Dimension; its Final 
Gate is the End of the Fifth Dimension. In the Fourth Dimension, there are many 
Progressions and many Ranks. Each of them has Special and different Exams. 

Transition from Four to Five is a matter of Permission. You can deserve this 
Permission by the Ascension of Consciousness. You get ready for Immortality in the 

Fifth Dimension. Here, there are Two Tranquil Times and Five Supreme Times. 

In the First Tranquil Time, You become pure Energy, a Light, made up of Colors in 
the form of the Eye of Your Essence as a Prisma! appearance. This image corresponds 
to the image without a vision of the Fetus in the Mother's uterus. 

In the Second Tranquil Time, You are Engrafted with Special Energies as a 
preparation for Dimensions of Immortality. These Energies belong to the Incombustible 
Energy type. After You are Satiated with these Energies; 

You are gradually subjected to the process of Embodiment in the Dimension of 
the Fifth Supreme Time. 

In the Fourth Supreme Time, this process transforms itself to Cellular Brains. 

In the Third Supreme Time, You attain Universal Consciousness besides 
Evolutionary Consciousness. 

In the Second Supreme Time, You attain the Power of Existence and Mental Power. 

The First Supreme Time is the Final Gate of KARENA and is the birth into the 
Dimension of Immortality. 

From there, You step into the SIXTH Dimension by the Ascension of Knowledge 
(The First Supreme Time is the Focal Point in which the initial Information of the TABLETS 
OF GOD'S DECREES is given. Afterwards, You make the Ascension of Consciousness by 
receiving Genuine Information). 



336 



In the Sixth Dimension, You become Your own ruler as a Free Spirit, a Free 
Awareness, a Free Conscience. You claim Your Spiritual Potential at this very boundary. 

From then on. You assemble all the Universal Energies in Your constitution. To 
whichever Galaxy You go, You can easily use the Energy type of that Dimension by 
Your Mental Power. 

In the Sixth and Seventh Dimensions, You claim Your Genuine, Immortal Body. 
After the Seventh Dimension, Galaxy Dimensions and Galaxy Empires beyond KARENA 
begin. And after that starts the Mechanism of LORDs. This much Information is enough. 



CENTER 



NOTE: 



The Supreme Times in KARENA are the Energy Dimensions included in the System 
of the Plan. The Plan Specially utilizes the Energies here. For this reason, the dosages 
of the Energies always follow a sequence from the great towards the small. 

That is, one begins by the Fifth Supreme Time and passes towards the First 
Supreme Time. This is valid for the Dimensions up to the boundary of Immortality. 
Beyond this boundary, Dimensions and Supreme Times open up Interminably as a 
normal succession. It is presented for Your Information. 

EXPLANATIO N 

Our Friends, 

The Knowledge of the first Sevens of the Three Universes, as Purification, Evolvement 
and Receiving Information, represents the White Color and the Religious Dimension, that 
is, the ALPHA. The Operational Ordinance of SIRIUS from the Religious point is up to 
here. The Second Universe which is the Second 49 is the Focal Energy of SIRIUS. Maturity 
begins here. 

Seven Universes one inside the other, each one separately, are Seven Maturity 
Dimensions. Your first Prophets sent to You, that is, to Your Centrifugal Universe, had 
been ADAM and EVE. But do not let it be misunderstood. They had come into Existence 
in the Light-Universe and then had been transferred to the Second Universe (LIGHT- 
UNIVERSE is the Third 49). 

The Prophets are sent to Your Planet from there as a necessity of the System. 
However, they complete their Evolvements up to the Dimension Levels of the Second 
Universe and convey to You the Information of the final Dimension they are in. 

Into the Second Universe only those who have attained the Dimension of Maturity 
and the Prophets are taken. Apart from this, there are also the Energies who had come 
into Existence from the Second Universe and We will again give the SIXES as an example 
to this fact for You to understand well. FRIEND BEYTI - FRIEND KADRI - MEVLANA had 
Come into Existence from the Second Universe (See, 1 986, Sixth Month, Fascicule 1 8). 



337 



However, they convey the Information of those Sources to Your Planet in 
accordance with the Ordinance of Exaltation. To the Level of these Pre-eminent Ones, 
MOSES - JESUS CHRIST - MOHAMMED had been sent from the Light-Universe. And 
their Information Sources are their own Universes of Light. However, the System 
