different Genes which were developed in different Mediums. These are as follows: 

1 - The Indian Race - The Root is the Mayas. 

2 - The Black Race, the African Race - The Root is the Kanigulas. 

3 - The Yellow Race - the Root is the Mishubus. 

4 - The White Race - the Root is the Turkos. 

These Races are Entities who were raised in the Training Conditions of different 
Dimensions. They had completed their Evolutions in their own Constitution and had 
been sown into Your Planet as a necessity of the (Mixed Program). And they had developed 
their own life conditions in Your Planet in accordance with their Gene Programs. 

The Eskimo Race which carries quite a different Gene than these Four Races is 
quite outside Your System. From the Root Archives of these Five Races which had been 
sown into Your Planet, Mixed Genes had been created and thus, different Races were 
developed from them. And all of them have been fixed as (1 2) Races in Your Planet. 

However, that which We call the 13th Race are the direct Genes of God. They 
are Super Genes obtained as a result of the Engraftments made with the very Advanced 
Genes of very Advanced Plans. They are the MYTHOLOGICAL GODS. And that which 
is presented to You today under the name, the Chariots of Gods are these Genes. 

They are Your Gods and those who had established the Hierarchical Scales. At 
the same time, they are Our Elder Brothers and Our Ancestors who had laid the Root 
of the Atlanta Civilization. 

Now, We have rendered effective Your Training Programs as the direct Projecting 
Potentials of these very Hierarchical Scales. 



- 



886 



The One Who executes these Programs is Our Cod, that is, the (SUPREME MATU) 
Who is Your and Our common ALLAH. The Supreme Matu is (O), And HE is the 
Essence Total and the Establisher of this System. The Supervisor of the Gene Archives 
is Him. The One Who Gives Life to Matter is Him. The One Who Holds the Total 
within the Total is Him. 

We are the Staff Members, Assistants and if We speak in Your terms, We are the 
Prophets - Saints - Spiritual Teachers and Angels of HIS Essence Total. The very SUPREME 
MATU Who has given the Command to Announce to You all these Truths is now waiting 
for You in BETA-NOVA. 

He has rendered effective the Program of assembling in BETA NOVA His Genes 
which had been lost until today and thus, He will establish the (Noble Gene) Root 
Race with the 1 3th Root Race. He will establish the Super Human Reality by adding to 
this an operation made parallel to the KANDICA Theory. 

All the operations made in Your Planet on the path of the Knowledge Book are 
the Programs of Searching for (O's) Lost Genes. OUR ALLAH has taken everyone into 
the Program of Salvation, (in accordance with their Evolution). Everyone will be Trained 
and will be included in this Plan, one by one, in time. 

However, during the first Stage, those Lost Genes of (O) will be United in BETA- 
NOVA as a Total by this means and thus, will render effective the Godly Power Total by 
quite a different System. 

Various Galactic Totalities fearing this Powerful Totality of God do everything in 
their Power to hinder this Unification. However, Your Planet has been covered by such 
a Powerful Protective Cloud that even the slightest Negative Power cannot affect the 
Matu Genes. 

We have given this Information to You Privately, Dear Mevlana. If You wish, You 
can write this Message in the Book either as it is, or by making a summary according 
to Yourself. 

The Servants of God are the Matu Genes. And they have been Religiously Trained 
until today and their Genes have been prepared not to be agitated in any way, by 
being habituated, stage by stage, to the Energies of each Dimension. 

Their Final Evolution steps is the 7th Dimension. Afterwards, on those who have 
reached this Dimension, no agitation has any effect. Besides, their Cellular Functions 
Regenerate their Bodily Totalities by themselves and thus, they attain more Power. 

Dear Mevlana, Summarized passages have been given to You from the Root Archive 
File by the Permission of the System. In accordance with the Universal Theory, these 
Genes are now present in Your Planet altogether. And the Frequency of the Book assembles 
these Genes and connects them directly to the PRE-EMINENT MATU, that is, to ALLAH. It 
is presented for Your Information. Acceptance of Our Love is Our kind Request. 

SYSTEM 



887 



Note: 

The Pre-eminent Matu is (O). But Matu receives all His Power from the Unknown 
Power. And He utilizes that Power. This Unknown Power is a Unification of the distilled 
Phenomena which pass through the Filtering Energies. If there was not this Unification 
Totality, there would also be no Unknown Power. The very Authority to utilize this Unknown 
Power has been given only to the (Pre-eminent Matu), that is, to ALLAH. The Mechanism 
which distils these Phenomena is the Totality of the ALL-TRUTHFUL Dimension. 

IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

In the Dissemination Medium of the Atlanta Dimension, each Total had developed 
a System to establish its own Totality. 

The Total which had established this System had been called the ALL-TRUTHFUL. 
This ALL-TRUTHFUL is the Supervising Mechanism of His own KURZ Totality. 

However later, this ALL-TRUTHFUL had rendered effective (O) as the Projection 
and Orientation Power of His own System. (O) who is the Establisher and the Supervisor 
of the Hierarchical Orders, Directs Monopolousiy a System which is connected to the 
ALL-TRUTHFUL. 

The ALL-TP.UTHFUL as a Whole is of the Noble Genes trained through Special 
Programs in the Abodes of the Atlanta Supreme Dimension. They had rendered 
effective the Kurzes in accordance with the Program of Dissemination. 

The Genes of those Advanced Noble Genes had been frozen on the next Higher 
Dimension and only their Energies had been transferred through Projection onto the 
Totalities which would create these Kurzes. Here, Gene transfer is not the subject 
matter, only the Energy transfer is the subject matter. 

The ALL-TRUTHFUL had given His own Energy to the Entire Creation and had 
Leavened this Energy with the Creation and thus had condensed it. By means of this 
Leavened Energy, ALLAH and His System had become effective and thus, more 
condensed Energies had been obtained. 

(O) Who has now been Embodied in BETA-NOVA, later prepared wider 
Dissemination Mediums by giving out His Genes. That is, only (O) gave out His Genes. 
But the ALL-TRUTHFUL had given out His Energies. The Unknown Power is a Secret 
Energy Power which the ALL-TRUTHFUL had Engrafted into the Human Being. 

The Atlanta Dimension is a Power Totality which had become effective beyond 
the boundary where the CONSCIOUSNESS TOTALITY had come to an end. And this 
Totality had rendered effective an Order parallel to the (A+T+L+A+N+T+A) 7 Systems 
Law and thus, had formed the Atomic Bonds. 



Only after this Totality had been formed, quite different Systems had been created 
by rendering effective the 1 8 System-Law. And by this means, We have reached the 
present days. 

m 



The Human Form, in fact, is a Prototype Shape formed at the Final Boundary Potential 
of the Consciousness Totality. This shape has adapted itself to the Dimensions it happened 
to be in during the processes of Time, being subjected to mutation more or less in 
accordance with the Life Mediums it happened to be in. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 

Note: The Supreme Matu is the Administrator and the Orientor of the Totality of 
the ALL-TRUTHFUL in which Your Natural Giirz is present. 

LOVE, KNOWLEDGE AND THE FUNCTIONS OF THE KNOWLEDGE BOOK 

Our Friends, 

We would like to give a Message as an answer to the Thoughts formed on the 
direction that one first receives Love then Knowledge. 

Love is never lacking in Spirits who have been molded by Love. The first spark of 
Love in Your Spirits is to be in Peace within Yourselves and to Love Yourselves. 

Those who do not Love themselves, do not love their God, either. Because, You 
each are a Breath and a Particle of the Totality (O). 

The Knowledge Book will be a guide in this period and in every period, for the 
Human Being who carries an Energy Power which is able to reach His Power and will 
be a crutch for the Human Being who is unable to walk. 

The ability of a Human Being's learning how to walk is possible by his/her attaining 
Self Confidence. And when this Confidence is attained, then Your Bond of Love is 
strengthened. And You Integrate with the other Bonds of Love only then. 

This is the reason why first it is imperative to receive Love. The Human Being 
who becomes Integrated on this path should also Learn to swim in His Consciousness 
Totality in order to reach (O) while walking with his/her Love. 

Unless one swims in this Consciousness Totality, one cannot receive Knowledge. If 

You can not receive Knowledge, then You can not Realize the Truth. And when You cannot 
attain Realization, then You cannot be sure that the path You tread is the right path. 

Each stroke within the Infinite sea of this Consciousness Totality will render You 
approach (O). In all the efforts You will make in order to approach (O), again this 
Knowledge Book will be a Life Saver for You, so that You will not be drowned in this 
Infinite sea of Knowledge. 

Because, this Book is a Divine Beacon which guides the Awakened Human Being. 
And it is the Infinite Light for certain people. This Book is the Book of the Human 
Being who is lost in the whirlpool of the World. And this Book makes the lost Human 
Being, that is You, attain Yourself. 

Those who Realize this and who walk on this path by the Permission of the 
Essence are Together with their ALLAH and with Us. The Knowledge Book is a Universal 
Key rendering these Difficult Paths easy for You. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



889 



1992 Fourth Month 
Fascicule 52 



IT IS GENERAL MESSAGE 

Our Friends, 

During the Missions rendered, the matter to be considered first is the matter of 
what is given to Humanity. While Information is being given to a Person, the 
Consciousness and Evolution Notions of the one who is giving the Information are 
also exhibited. 






To give out Information is peculiar to every servant in accordance with the 
Capacity. Each Servant of Cod who has attained the Capacity to receive Information, 
has the ability to attract each Information according to his/her Level of Consciousness. 

However, there is also one more matter the Human Being should not forget and 
that is to comprehend clearly the Consciousness of what the Source of this Information 
is and with which Purpose this Information is given and the Strengthening of the 
Personality of the one who receives this Information with the Evolution of that 
Dimension. 

Until today, Humanity has been Educated by Cod Consciousness. In an Individual 
who has been Educated by God Consciousness on the True path, there is never a grain 
of Consciousness from Himself/Herself in the Missions He/She renders. Because, he/ 
she has card-indexed his/her entire Consciousness into the Archive of His Source. 

The Human Factor which will Evolve in proportion with the clarification of this 
Advanced Information in time will, very naturally, repel from its Level of Consciousness the 
Information of the Dimensions it does not know and will accept only those it knows. 

During the Training Program of Humanity until today, its taking every Information 
from the Micro and rolling it up towards the Macro has been and will be the Light of 
its Evolution path which it treads. Information is Interminable. And no Information is 
unveiled to Your Planet unless its time and hour has arrived. 

The Medium for which We use the term Vulom is the Magnetic Attraction Field. 
A level of Consciousness can never render Universal Connections unless it reaches this 
Field. The First Consciousness Reflection to this Field begins with Love of Cod and 
one dives into this Field by Ascension Consciousness. 

Afterwards, the Unknowns are unveiled, layer by layer, in accordance with Social 
Consciousnesses. There are differences of View among Terrestrial Consciousnesses 
originating from their Evolutions. And Views which separate People from People are 
always in effect. For this reason Your Planet is a Dimension of Exam. 

In the First Step of the greatest Exam of Humanity, the Love and Respect of People 
for People is considered as criterion. For this reason it is said that Respect for the 
Human Being means Respect for ALLAH. 



890 



All the Information given to Your Planet is projected in accordance with the 
Consciousness Layers of each Level of Consciousness. During these reflections, always 
Macro Consciousnesses are taken into consideration and the reflections are made 
starting from the Micro and everyone attracts this Information according to his/her 
measures of Consciousness. 

Each Information is World-embracing. Each Information is a Light and a Divine 
Light. However, everyone profits from, awakens and walks on the path of this 
Information according to his/her own Level of Consciousness. 

However, at the moment, Humanity is in a very narrow Strait and is about to Transcend 
a Narrow Passageway of Time. This is the reason why the Truths are being Announced to 
Humanity through the Knowledge Book. At the moment, it is very difficult to explain the 
Truth to Humanity. Because, Humanity is Transcending the Boundaries of the Dimensions 
to which it has habituated until today, for the First Time. 

No matter how much Mankind Evolves, unless its Evolution reaches a Level equivalent 
to the Evolution of the Universal Dimensions and of the Advanced Plans, it will always 
repel each other and will live unaware of the Source of the given Information. 

At the moment, the Information received are according to the Levels of 
Consciousness. And the Lights are up to the distance the eyes can behold. These 
difficult paths can not be transcended easily. One should not be surprized seeing the 
behavior of those who do not know. 

Because, each Consciousness is the exhibitor of a different function. However 
now, it is the foremost Wish of the Supreme Mechanism, for all the Consciousnesses 
to share the same Unification Spirit, without taking the Value and the Power of this 
received information into consideration. 

A person who walks on this path and discovers his/herself, reaches the Firmament. 
And passages beyond the Firmament are for the Hands extending towards Us. Knowing 
this once more is for the Benefit of Humanity itself. This i: the Tongue of the Divine 
Authority on behalf of the Entire Realm. Transmitted by: 



SYSTEM 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

Each Individual who has succeeded in reaching up to the Dimension of the 
Spiritual Plan, also receives the Permission to receive his/her Spiritual Energy which is 
equivalent to the Consciousness Potential within the Dimension Layers which are up 
to his/her own Consciousness Light. 

This continues up until the 7th Dimension We call the Layer of Perfection which 
is the Final Boundary of the Manifestation of Humanity. Only afterwards, Humanity 
opens wings towards Advanced Dimensions and swims in the sea of Unknowns. 



891 



The Consciousness attained beyond this boundary, from then on, is the 
Consciousness of ALLAH. And, You leave Your own Consciousness Words from then 
on and convey directly His Consciousness Energy to the Medium You are in and talk 
from Him. 

This is the very Consciousness Totality of ALLAH. In order to reach this 
Consciousness Totality You have to descend and ascend numerous Steps of Time. Let 
Us explain this with an example. 

The 7th Dimension is the final boundary of the piece of land You walk on. If You 
accept each of the Waves within the Thought and Consciousness Ocean of the Pre-eminent 
Power as a Dimension of Wave and if You Presume that the Land Totality these waves hit 
Ultimately is an Island, the final waves hitting this land return to the Center from here. 

This very Center is the Consciousness Totality of ALLAH. And the wave which 
continues its way after this Center, gives Humanity all the Secrets beginning from the 
Initial, the moment it hits again the land boundaries of the 7th Dimension. 

Up until today, those who had Deserved these Secrets had been receiving them. 
However now, Dear Mevlana is the (FIRST WHO UNVEILS THE LAST) to Humanity for 
the first time, during this Dimension of Transition. Now, the Permission to Land on 
this Island has been given to Humanity. It is presented for Your Information. 



SYSTEM 



IT IS GENERAL MESSAGE 



Our Friends, 

During the Programs of Preparation for the Morrows of the Human Being of the 
World, all the Information is projected in accordance with the Levels of Consciousness of 
each Period. 

Once, in the Mediums of the efforts of Your Planet for grasping the Single God 
Consciousness and reaching Him, the Jinns and the Devil had been introduced to 
Humanity as a Symbol of Fear. 

The Purpose for this was to Protect Humanity which was not ready for the Energies 
it did not Know, and so that it would embrace more Powerfully its ALLAH due to its Fears. 

This is a Program. Never until today have We spoken to You So clearly. Because 
there is no place for Passions - Doubts - Fears anymore during this Program of Progress. 
All these are the fetters of Your Consciousness Progress. 

While Consciousnesses who have remained fixed in the Dimension of Form are 
still being drowned within the Chaos of the Devil - the Jinns, Consciousnesses who 
have Transcended themselves, have reached very Advanced Dimensions. 



89: 



i — 



No matter how clearly We explain to You the Truths, Comprehensions are 
according to the people's Levels of Consciousness and Understanding. Being Conscious 
of this, the Supreme Mechanism is the assistant of all the Friends who walk on the 
path of Truth and who have Transcended Form. 

Parallel to the Signals received from Your chains of Thought, the decision to 
disclose the Words Jinn and Devil, to Humanity, for the last time, has been taken. (So 
that they can Transcend the Thresholds). 

You Know that every Word carries the Energy and the Frequency of the Dimension 
it is in. In fact, the Crew of JINNS is a Croup of Spokespeopie who are under the direct 
Command of the LORD. And who act in accordance with His Wishes. 

And they are divided into two, in accordance with the Missions they perform. 
Let Us use the terms Positive and Negative in order to be able to introduce them to 
You. 

The (Positive Jinns) is a Group which conveys the Direct Suggestions of the Lord 
to You exactly as they are, for the Benefit of Society and Humanity. And Your Sacred 
Books had been conveyed down to Your Planet being connected to the Frequency of 
this Dimension. 

These are the Training - Administrative - Orienting - Satisfying Totality of the 
Missionaries who are obliged to show You the Grace of ALLAH. The Term ANGEL is 
used for them. 

In this Dimension of Mission, the Purification Medium, as the Religious Fulfillment 
is expressed by the Right-Side-Up Triangle. Humanity receiving Light by this means is 
Devoted to its ALLAH through Love and Self-interest. And always requests things from 
ALLAH for itself. It prays, pleads, implores. 

After this Dimension, preparations are made for the Unity Medium of ALLAH. 
The Croup of Spokespeopie of Jinns who serve at this very Dimension are obliged to 
Project on You the Fury aspect of ALLAH, as a necessity of their Mission. 

Now, let Us unfold the word JINN (CIN in Turkish) letter by letter, so that You can 
understand the matter better: 

1 - The letter (C) in Positive Cin (jinn) = projects the Cemal (Grace in Turkish) of 

ALLAH. 

2 - The letter (C) in the Negative Cin Oinn) - projects the Celal (Fury in Turkish) of 

ALLAH. The letter (C) in the Word Cin (Jinn) is the representation of ALLAH'S 
Cemal and Celal (Grace and Fury in Turkish) Attributes. 

3 - The letters fjN) in the Turkish Word CiN = Symbolizes the HUMAN BEING (iNSAN 

in Turkish). That is, both the Grace and the Fury of ALLAH are for the Human 
Beings. All these operations are efforts and services made, so that Humanity can 
attain a certain level of Dimension and Consciousness. 



893 



This Information have never been disclosed to Your Society in such a clear fashion. 
However, at the moment, Humanity is going through its Final Cycle. And if it can not 
Transcend the Consciousness of the Dimension it is In at the moment, it will not be 
easily accepted into the Plan of Salvation. 

As We have also said in Our former Messages, each Letter and each Word projects 
the Frequency of its Dimension exactly as it is, no matter in which Language it is in. 
Since the Knowledge Book is bestowed from the Anatolian Turkey, We are Decoding 
the Words according to the Language of that Society. 

Now, let Us Decode the Word $EYTAN (DEVIL in Turkish) which the entire Humanity 
fears and trembles. The Decoding here belongs to the Frequency of Two Dimensions. 
One of them Misleads, the other Affirms. Now, let Us write the Word DEVIL (§EYTAN) 
vertically two times, please: 



1- 5 - SULE - 15IK - LIGHT (in Turkish) 2- S. 

E = ENERJi == ENERGY (in Turkish) E 

Y - YASAM = LIFE (in Turkish) Y 

T = TANRI = GOD (in Turkish) T 

A - ADEM = ADAM (in Turkish) A 

N = NUR = DIVINE LIGHT(in Turkish) N 



5EMS - GUNE5 = SUN (In Turkish) 
EVREN = UNIVERSE (in Turkish) 
YARADAN - CREATOR (in Turkish) 
TOPRAK = EARTH (in Turkish) 
ATE§ - FIRE (in Turkish) 

NUR - DIVINE LIGHT(in Turkish) 



ex| 
ex| 



Co 
Oth 
to I 



Sue 
has 

jinr 



1 - The first Decoding Dimension is the Hierarchical Dimension of the Natural Life. 

And this Dimension is under the Command of the Spiritual Plan. (This Dimension 
always Affirms the Informations). 

2 - And the second Decoding Dimension is under the Command of the Lordly Order 

and it is its Hierarchical Scale. It gives service at the Dimension of Exam since it 
is the Training and Conveying Mechanism of the Evolutionary Ordinance. (This 
Dimension gives the Information by misleading. Consciousness is made to be 
attained by this means). 

Humanity is subjected to the Exams of this Dimension in accordance with the 
Evolutions and the Levels of Consciousness it will go through until it attains the 
Consciousness of the Truth. The Exams made at this Dimension are the acceptance 
Exams to the Unity Medium of ALLAH. 

During the Exams here, always a nail is made to be driven out by another nail*. 
And Humanity is Trained by this means. Programs of Progress are rendered effective 
by greater Fears in those who were not able to overcome their Fears and by 
greater Faults in those who have Faults. Everything is for Your Benefit. 

ALLAH has never left any of His servants in difficulty. Everyone who treads His Path 
and who continues on that path reaches the Goal, Sooner or Later. The Two Dimensions 
mentioned above always work cooperatively in the Evolutionary Totality. These Dimensions 
are expressed by the Symbol of the Upside down and the face Triangles. 



Lim 
tow 



clos 

anc 
Infc 



* Look at the Glossary. 



894 



M 




First Dimension Symbolizes the Right Side Up Triangle. The Second Dimension is 
expressed by the Upside Down Triangle. The Unification of both of the Triangles are 
expressed by the 6-pointed Star as follows: 

And this Symbol is accepted as the Training and the Conveying Symbol 
of the Evolutionary Dimensions of the entire Natural Gurz. 

The operational Ordinances of the Artificial Gurzes, too, are dependent 
on the Reflection Programs of the Natural Giirz. They, too, have 6- 
pointed Totalistic Star Symbols representing their Realities. 

Only those who complete and Integrate these Two Triangles by their Levels of 
Consciousness are very easily accepted into the Supreme Court of Our ALLAH. 
Otherwise, if Humanity cannot get rid of its fears of the Devil-the Jinns, they are doomed 
to remain in the Chaos of the Hells of Fear of their own Consciences. 

We, as the Cosmos Federal Unification Council, are obliged to convey this 
Suggestion given by the Supreme Mechanism to Your Planet. At the moment, Humanity 
has passed as Consciousness to the very advanced Systems of the Dimensions of the 
)inn and the Devil. 

Remaining behind is not for the Benefit of Humanity at all. Time is Scarce, Life is 
Limited. In future the Human Being, after getting rid of all its Passions will rise fearlessly 
towards the advanced horizons Two Cosmic Ages later. 

To those who are slaves of their Passions, Celestial Gates will always remain 
closed. For this reason Humanity's Knowing everything in all clarity is the Command 
and the Desire of the Divine Totality and of OUR ALLAH. It is presented for Your 
Information. 

COSMOS FEDERAL COUNCIL 

IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

(Who Is the Pre-eminent Architect of the Universe-The Geometry 

Master of the Universe-Supreme of the Supreme Ones?) 

Our Friends, 
1 - As a result of the operations the Messengers of the Golden Dimension had made 
together with Friends in the Divine Plan during the Existential Ordinance of the 
Realms, the Divine Orders had been established and the Divine Authorities had 
formed. The Supreme Architect of the Universe Who is considered the Most 
Supreme Authority of these authorities is the (Supreme Creator), the Pre-eminent 
Power. While He had rendered effective the Ordinance of the Universes, He had 
also rendered effective the Ordinances of Existence. 



895 



When the Giirz Systems had come into effect, it was again He, who Created their 
Creators. The term Universe in here comprises the Ordinances of all the Cosmoses 
which is a Hierarchical Reflection. And thus, the Ordinance of the Universes had 
come into Existence. By the projection of this on Your Natural Gurz, the (Creator), 
that is, the (Pre-eminent Power) had come into Effect as the Establisher of these 
Systems. For this reason He is also called the Pre-eminent Architect. 

2 - The Geometry Master of the Universe: is the Technological Dimension, the Council 

of the Laws and the Universal Ordinance. The Universes had been Created in 
accordance with the Laws of (1 8) Systems, from a calculative Totality. And this 
depends on the calculations made in accordance with the Geometric Reflection 
Systems of the Laws of Natural Equilibrium. However, the First Establishers of all 
these calculations are the Residents of the Advanced Civilization of the Golden 
Dimension and their Ancestors. 

3 - The most Supreme of the Supreme Ones is, in fact, the Single Focal Point which 

holds the Whole of the Whole within the Whole. We have introduced this to You 
until today as the Name ALLAH. However, there is a Supreme Authority to which 
each Totality is connected. The most Supreme of the Supreme Ones mentioned 
here is the PRE-EMINENT ALL-MERCIFUL Who is the Supreme One of Your System. 

CENTER 

INFORMATION ABOUT THE ESSENCE GENES 
(It is Answer to the chains of Thought) 

Our Friends, 

The Mixed Genes have a great part in Your evolvements. The Gene Engraftments 
are the factors accelerating evolvements. However, You have to deserve these Gene 
Engraftments, too. 

Engraftment is not applied to everyone. This is a matter of Merit. When a Mixed 
Gene deserves to become an Essence Gene, he/she, too, receives the Permission to 
give out his/her Genes. 



Everyone may become an Essence Gene during the processes of time, in 
accordance with his/her Evolutions. However, everyone becomes Embodied again 
and again by carrying the same Genes until becoming an Essence Gene. For this 
reason all people are Brothers and Sisters. 

The Essence Genes are Supreme Friends who have completed their evolvements 
in every Dimension. Their returning to the World concerns their Mission Consciousness. 
All the Powers of the future are Friends of the Advanced Plans. They have received the 
entire Power of the Years. 



. The Supreme Consciousnesses will directly come into effect in future years to establish 
the Powerful World State. However, at the moment, during the Final Dimension Progress, 
all the Friends who had received Light through the Divine path are in effect in order to 
become Embodied in (BETA-NOVA), directly in the Aura of the LORD. 



896 






Mtf 



This is the reason why, in accordance with the Final Program of Progress, the 
Supreme Ones who had been kept waiting at the Four Dimensions between Two 
KURZes, are being transferred, one by one, to Your Planet, according to their Missions. 

AH the Supreme Friends who wait at the LAND OF LOVING ONES are Essence Genes 
who had once made Direct Covenants with the System. You know that the method of 
Gene Engraftment had become effective with the System of Sixes, it had been started by 
our Light-Friend MOSES and had come to an end with Our Universal Friend Mevlana. 

Now, all these Essence Genes are in Your Planet. The Mediamic Age has been 
rendered effective in accordance with this Program of Gene gathering. However, Focat 
Points have been induced to be established by these Essence Genes in Your entire 
Planet in the World Year 1984 directly by the System. Those who had established 
Focal Points after this date are Missionaries of the Training Focal Points. (They are not 
Essence Genes). 

An Essence Gene whose direct Focal Point has been induced to be established 
by the System is obliged to Card-Index his/her Genes who enter his/her own Aura 
into the Supreme Mechanism, by acting in accordance with the System's desires during 
this Final Salvation Dimension. 

Otherwise, if actions are made in accordance with Individual Views, that Essence 
Gene will take His/Her Genes he/she has gathered and will establish a Colony at a 
different Dimension. However, the Permission to Enter BETA- NOVA will never be given 
to them. 

For this reason We explain to You all the Truths in all clarity. The Only Focal Point 
into which those who will be accepted in BETA-NOVA will be card-indexed is the 
channel of ALPHA and the ALPHA Magnetic Field. Those who give service in accordance 
with the wishes of the System will be accepted here. We presume that it is beneficial 
to repeat this once more. It is presented for Your Information. 



SYSTEM 



PRIVATE NOTICE 



Dear Mevlana, 

During the Private Conversations We have held with You years ago, We had 
Suggested that certain Messages We had given to You should not be written in the 
Book at that Period, due to the fact that Society had not been ready yet, 

However now, writing in the Book the Information which will be beneficial for 
Society from within these Messages, together with the dates on which they were given, 
is considered necessary by the Supreme Mechanism. Choosing the Messages has 
been left to You. Love and Regards, Our Friend. 

SYSTEM 



897 



PRIVATE MESSAGE 
(Date of Message: 10-2-1982) 

Our Friends, 

At the moment, We Unite and introduce You to People whom You are obliged to 
get in Touch. Everything takes place by the Permission of Our Lord. > 

The ESSENCE of a Person Symbolizes his/her Past - his/her EYE, his/her Future - 
his/her WORD, the Medium he/she is In. The Projection on the same Coordinate of 
these Three Totalities renders You a MISSIONARY. 

However, there will be Thresholds the Human Beings will transcend until these 
Coordinates will become Effective as a Whole. Because, being a Missionary is not an 
easy matter at all. 

After You receive Your Mission, the Exams of the Mission You will render begin. If 
You succeed in these Exams, only then are You card-indexed into the System as a 
Missionary Staff. 

At the moment, We assemble together those whose Origins are ALPHA. From 
now on, Your Contacts with Us will never be cut off in any way. You are being protected 
by a Secured Medium. We will send numerous assisting Friends to You. 

However now, We Unite You with those who are ready. Now, We explain to You 
everything in all clarity and thus, We reinforce Your Religious Knowledge, Scientifically. 

And We show You the paths of evolvement clearly and We tell You to Unify Your 
Religious Fulfillments with Your Essences and Your Universal Consciousnesses, in 
equivalence. 

Since the Beginning of Your Existence until today, the wheel of the Universal 
Order has been turning by this means and it will continue to do so. 

However now, We, too, come to Our Friends who have succeeded to reach Us. 
Our Love is upon all the Universes. 

COUNCIL OF STARS 

PRIVATE MESSAGE 

(Date of Message: 1-4-1982) 

Our Friends, 

Possessing the Power of the Heavens is not an easy occurrence as presumed. Our 
undertakers of Duty who will reap the rewards will change the Course of the years. 

Your Planet is at the Eve of a great Transformation, together with its entire 
Creation. A Person who has Discovered and has Known Himself/Herself means that 
He/She has taken a step towards. the path of Salvation. 



898 



MM 



HftH 



There is no difficulty a Human Being can not overcome as long as he/she knows 
his/her Might and Power. The Awareness Unifications which You call Seances are the 
rising up of the Consciousnesses to a Common Frequency. 

Connections are provided by this means. Only the Frequencies who are at the 
same Awareness Code can receive the Offerings from the same Medium. 

And there are also Missions rendered Instinctively beyond Consciousness. They, 
too, can receive Messages from the Consciousness Layers in which they are present by 
being coded when their Frequencies are adapted to the Frequency of the Medium. 

However, the Genuine Undertakers of Duty can receive the Direct Offerings when 
their Levels of Evolvement become equivalent to the Consciousness of the Time of the 
Medium in which they Live. 

Being present at the same Medium raises the Frequencies. The Codes of each 
Frequency which is raised are assessed and contacts are made with them according to 
the results obtained. 

Sorrows each render the duty of Stimulation, which forces the Code of Consciousness 
and which Leads it into the Medium of Work. Nothing is obtained all of a sudden. Patience 
means the settling of a Knowledge very firmly in the Sub-awareness. 

The Information flowing by the Cosmic Energies into the Awareness Code of a 
Person when he/she is distressed makes Pressure on his/her Consciousness. But that 
person does not know this and becomes more distressed. 

However, he/she will be bored and his/her Spirit will be Depressed in proportion 
with the purity of the Information he/she receives. Because, even a Baby does not 
come to the World without pain. This is a Law of Nature. 

As Consciousness Increases, as the Awareness Awakens, Distress vanishes. And Your 
Levels of Evolvement are developed by this means. You discover Divine Serenity this way. 



RESUL 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

Time is the Micron Particles within a Whole. But the Times beyond the Integrated 
Power open to the Dimensions of Timelessness. 

Even the Timelessnesses here, has Cross-section Programs peculiar to themselves. 

Since these Dimensions are kept closed to the Consciousnesses in Your Planet, 
the Special Ciphers of the Timelessnesses beyond Time are not opened to You. It is 
presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



899 



ft I 
• 1 



PRIVATE MESSAGE 
(Date of Message: 20-4-1982) 

Our Friends, 

Now, We would like to talk to You about the characteristics of the Medium in 
which You live. 

As a result of the operations made in Your Planet after the discovery of the Atomic 
Bomb, numerous Negative and Positive Energy Powers have increased in the 
Atmosphere. The Atomic particles exploded underground have intensified the Electrical 
Power of the Magma. 

And by this means, the Earth and the Sky, as two different Masses, started to 
attract each other with a tremendous speed. This state effected the Positive and the 
Negative aspects of Mankind who presides at the Middle Focal Point. And it caused a 
Universal Depression in Your Planet. 

Mankind who had possessed very little Negative Power until 20 years ago, started 
to increase its Negative Medium, very naturally as it became more and more Depressed. 
And since this state reached the limit where the Universal Equilibrium could get out of 
balance, ways of saving You have been investigated. And by this means, Celestial 
Helping Hands have been extended towards You. 

It had been calculated a 1000 years ago that this Medium would reach this 
state. For this reason We had taken precaution since those days. And We had transferred 
all the Positive Energy carrying Saints to Your Planet in each Period who would Enlighten 
You. 

Those Saints had been transferred to Your Planet to prepare the ground for Your 
Salvation, by showing You the Right path. When the Time comes, We will talk to You 
more clearly and all of You will be Enlightened by being announced the Truth in all detail. 

However now, the Medium is not appropriate yet. Until that time, each of You, 
one by one, will be trained by being taken through experiences. Afterwards, You will 
be Automatically United as a necessity of the Unified Field, as being Codes who carry 
the same Gene - same Consciousness and the same Frequency. 

The Electro-Magnetic Fields of the very powerful Information You will receive in 
future will convey You up to the Level of GOD. One day, the PLAN will be appropriated 
to Your Society and all the Ordinance of the Universes will be Unified under the Light 
of OUR LORD. However, at the moment, You are in a Program of Training. Everything 
is in times within time, Wait please. 

LIGHT 

FROM THE MEVLANA SUPREME LEVEL 



900 



mtd 



PRIVATE MESSAGE 
(Date of Message: 2-5-1982) 

Our Friends, 

In this Medium of introduction everything is evident. If the actual nature of a 
thing is not known, then there will always be feebleness in Your Beliefs. For this reason 
We will project on You everything and all the Truths through this Book which is a 
Screen of Truth. 

The Level of Mevlana is the Level of the Firmament - the Level of Consciousness 
- the Level of Science and Knowledge. The more You get away from the Low Frequency 
Dimension that you are in, and get closer to this Universal Dimension, the more You 
will listen to the Words of God and reach the voice of Your Essence. 

Friends in Space Dimension are the Messengers of the Divine Realm - the Saints 
and all the Holy People. They are each a Genuine Extraterrestrial. Otherwise, they 
would not be able to project on You, the Divine Lights in here. Are You still making 
discrimination between the Extraterrestrials and the Terrestrials among You? 

All Your Prophets, too, were each a direct Extraterrestrial, But You are still prostrating 
in front of them. Your Sacred Books, such as the Koran - the New Testament - the Old 
Testament - the Psalms of David had been sent from Space, But You still read them. In 
future years, Your Consciousnesses will solve Your contradictions. 

Your Brain Codes which will be opened after a certain Evolvement Medium will 
understand Us and will start Telepathic receiving and giving with Us. 

If You notice, first, Religious Information - later, Messages of Love - and still later, of 
Tolerance and of Patience have been given to many of You until today. This is a System. 

Only afterwards, Contacts have been made with some of You. Our Friends who 
embrace their God fervently in the Temples and who fear and dread Him, have never 
tried to comprehend their God. 

We can not open Your Brain codes with an Auger. Do not forget that whatever 
You will attain, You will attain it by the sweat of Your brow. All paths are straight after 
You make Yourselves attain Your Own Selves. Only afterwards, Our Helping Hands are 

Extended towards You. 

Up until today, communications have been made in the same way in each Era. 
However, until this moment, We were able to gather very limited number of (Selves) 
among You. But there is urgency during this Period. For this reason We have oriented 
all the Energies of the Firmament on Your Earth. 

Those who Unite with Us during the step which will be taken towards Salvation, 
will, one day, see the entire Truth in front of them. Those who are not able to transcend 
their Consciousnesses will Automatically destroy Themselves. Because, if Humanity 
can not demolish the Wall of Isolation, it can not come to Us. 



901 



The Sacred Light is given to Sacred People. Sublimeness is a Distinction ALLAH 
has granted to each of His servants. Attaining that Supremacy takes place by Mankind's 
own effort. We are always together with those who understand Us. But We can not 
do anything to those who do not understand. Whatever is Sown will be Reaped. 

In the entire Universe, a Law of Nature is valid. The Mechanism in here functions 
in a perfect manner. Everyone will receive the reciprocation of his/her Benevolent or 
Malevolent actions sooner or later, if not immediately. This is a Mechanism of Divine 
Justice. 

Here, Good Intention - Tolerance - Love are each a Principle. Now, We convey to 
You this Beautiful Order of Ours in a Balanced way. In this Order, there is no place for 
Negativity. Here, there is Happiness - there is Love - there is Honesty. 

Now, You come to Us by Your Mass Awakenings. For this reason You should also 
know Our Medium and Our Laws. We never deceive Our Friends behind their backs. 
We convey and tell them everything clearly and say Hello. 

The selections of Our Human brothers and sisters are made by the Divine Realm. 
We hold the Friendly Hands extended towards Us only after this selection. For this 
reason this Period is called the Period of Sincerity. 

There are Our Key Directors at the head of many occupations in Your World. They 
are in touch with Our Terrestrial brothers and sisters through Social - Political - Divine 
paths. 

Besides this, Our direct Galaxy Connections take place only with Special Friends. 
We say Hello to Your Planet on this path by the mediation of the Book, completely by 
the given Divine Command. Your World has been prepared for Centuries, for this 
Period by being directed through the channels of Evolvement and Enlightenment. 

The Genuine Devotee who knows HIS/HER LORD does not make discrimination 
between Religions. And the Person who knows Himself /Herself Realizes what he/she 
will do. You will tread the Flowery Paths during the Morrows in Your World, which 
will go through Depressive Periods for now, 

COUNCIL OF STARS 

PRIVATE MESSAGE 
(Date of Message: 7-5-1982) 

Our Friends, 

All the Universal Totalities are an Atomic Whole constituted of Triangles within 
Triangles, Prisms within Prisms. 

Everything in the Universe consists of the projectors within a Prismal Order. Light 
speeds are projected from Universes to Universes by this means. The Secret of the 
Universe is the Secret of the Pyramids. And each Human Being is a Natural Pyramid. 
For this reason the Human Being is a Secret of the Universe. 

902 



iM«' 




Each Human Being has Special Magnetic Fields peculiar to himself/herself. The 
entire Body is constituted of Triangles of a Unified Field. Now, let Us explain this to 
You very simply, through a diagram. Draw, please: 

Your very Prismal Auras are like this. 

Every Human Being is a Flower. That is, he/she is composed of a 
^ Center and Six Petals. These Petals are connected to Your Brain 
Codes. 

The Energetic field around You is a common Unified Field emanated 
by the 7 Triangles. This Magnetic Medium of Yours is projected on 
Universes by a very Powerful Channel, as Energy, through Your Brain. 

Besides this, each Cell of Yours sends Vibrations through its 
channels to Your surroundings from the Electro-Magnetic Medium 
of the Body. 

The Megawatt Power of everyone is different. A low Power is always under the 
influence of a Strong Power. 

Sometimes Constitutions who have lost their Power are shaken by the Electrical 
Powers they receive from Air Currents - Influences of Stars - the Brain and Physical 
Currents of Your Friends. You call this, the Evil Eye in folk language. Now, We disclose 
these influences to You, Scientifically. 

The 7 Prismal-Triangles of a healthy Person should give out equal Energy 
Vibrations. A Person is healthy in proportion with his/her Good Intentions. But good 
Intention should be in Your Nucleic Essence, not in appearance. 

Because, Your most Powerful Initial Focal Point is Your Nucleic Essence. The 

Energy Signals of Your body come from there. And they are projected being converged 
in the Brain. (In the Religious Mediums the Nucleic Essence is called the Heart). 

In proportion with its evolvement, Your Nucleic Essence assembles the 
Frequencies of very Powerful Energetic points in Itself and assigns them to the Brain 
for Duty distribution. Commands given from there reach up to the Cellular channels 
and habituate them to the Vibrations of these Powerful Currents. 

These very Currents given from the Universal Totality to Your Planet make You 
attain a Godly Power in time and give You the ability to Influence the lower Frequencies 
Positively or Negatively. Master and Disciple relations - Healing Focal Points are formed 
by this means. May Security and Peace be with You. 

RESUL 



903 



PRIVATE MESSAGE 
(Date of Message: 9-10-1982) 

Our Friends, 

Currents are continuously given to Your Planet from the ALPHA Magnetic Field. 
Those who can receive these Currents are prepared for the Period of Preparation. 

You can receive the Messages from these Alternative Currents without tiring 
Yourselves. These are not matters which can be explained to everyone now. Only 
those who Know this, Know it. 

In order to decrease the influence of those who wish to take the Might of the 
Firmament under supervision, continuous Positive broadcasting is made to Your Planet 
through the Code of ALPHA. This is for destroying the Negative Effects. The influence 
of these currents on everyone is not the same. 

Presently, You are feeling the Ultra-sonic Waves. The Wave Currents prepare Your 
Cellular Vibrations for the Golden Age. They are Privately given to everyone separately 
according to their Capacities (In accordance with their Programs of Training). 

However, the Currents Dear Mevlana receives are Spiral Vibrations. They are 
given directly from the ALPHA Magnetic Field by being filtered. They, too, are a kind of 
Ultra-sonic Waves. However, their Influences are always Positive. And they effect the 
Positive Energy Powers of the Cells. 

As the Positive Powers increase, they attract the Negative Powers around and 
thus, they prepare the Body Cells for a much more Powerful Frequency. During the 
step which will be taken towards Salvation, there is very great need for these Currents. 
By this means, Mights are added to the might of everyone. 

Now, You know everything more Consciously. As You become Patient, Patience 
increases. Your Planet is receiving very Powerful Currents during these Sunny Days in 
which the Firmament is opened to the World. 

The Preparation Periods of Friends who have been appointed to the Mission of 
Dear Mevlana has been determined as the 1 984 Earth Year. 

Now, Your preparations will be completed until the end of 1983 World Year. 
The Date of disclosing of the Universal Book to Society is January 1 , 1 984 World Year. 

The Texts of the Book will be disseminated to Humanity Fascicule by Fascicule. 
The Main Channel is the AS. 6.1 Mevlana ALPHA Channel. Through this channel which 
is the Peak Channel of the Golden Age, the SINGLE BOOK will be conveyed to all the 
Universes from Your Planet by this means. 

We will declare the Suggestions pertaining to this at the end of November. Your 
Missions are great, Your burdens are numerous. The Pre-eminent Guide of Our God 
will help You in finding Your paths. 



904 



I 



Those who render Missions on this path will be connected to the actual Code of 
the LORD. This Medium is a Medium which adds Power to Your Power. Now, only a 
Single Channel gives Announcements from the Firmament on this path. Wish You 
Prosperity. 

RESUL 

PRIVATE MESSAGE 
(Date of Message: 13-10-1982) 

Dear Mevlana, 

These Broadcasts We transmit at the moment from Saturn are broadcasts carrying 
certain Frequencies and which are oriented towards Earth from Our Code on Neptune. 

Our Broadcasts are Rhythmical. And all Our Terrestrial Friends receive them. 
