To create a Society understanding the Purpose of the Books and the Religions of 
JESUS CHRIST, MOSES and My last Messenger MOHAMMED among the Prophets 
whom I had sent to You and which understands that all the Religions are a SINGLE 
RELIGION and that their Purposes are One. 

Such a Society which has been made ready for the present days and for this 
MEDIUM by the help of My Supreme Entities and My Messengers, for Centuries. 

There fs no return Backwards and to Superstition. This can never exist in the 
Order I have established. 

When a WORLD Society which does not have Lie, Slender, Wickedness, Intrigues 
J and Gossip becomes like You, My Pioneers who have completed their Evolvements, 

( only then everything and everywhere will be like Heaven, Even if such a Society 
X,now seems to You as a dream, these Seeds of Love You have scattered will, in 

A hear future, turn green and will cover all your World. 






Just like the way I and My Selves had been scattered ail over the Cosmos by an 
Explosion, You and Your Ideas will also be scattered all over My Planet Earth by 
an explosion. All the Powers and the entities which had brought into existence 
My Cosmos, utilize My infinite Energy present in Me and thus, I provide Them to 
go forward and towards the Truth. 

675 



My Duty is to provide the maintenance of everything I have Created. 

My Duty is to provide the Life of Myself and everything belonging to Me. 

My Duty is to provide My Selves to become (ME). 

GREAT POWER 

The time has come for My Human Beings to stop Multiplying. 

The time has come for My Human Beings to reach the stage of a SINGLE WORLD 
UNITED STATE. 

The time has come for My Human Beings to Unite My Four Sacred Books and to 
Believe in a Single Reality in the form of (A SINGLE BOOK). 

The time has come for My Human Beings to render the greatest Reforms which 
have been rendered in the World until today 

The time has come for everyone to elevate himself/herself up to a certain Level of 
Evolution until a Single Human Being of Mine remains. 

The time has come for all My Human Beings to Believe in ME Who is the GREATEST 
POWER present in this infinity. 

The time has come for My Human Beings to purify themselves of all their bad 
habits. The time has come for My Human Beings to Unite, Flower by Flower, 
Unified in a single body as a Tree of LOVE and to create the greatest Power of My 
Cosmos called Love and Unification. 

The most important of all, the time has come for My Human Beings to meet their 
brothers and sisters from Space and to discover, with their help, My and Your 
Universes. 

GREAT POWER 

If You only knew that the Flower of My Space, My Alive-Star MARON is the greatest 
Missionary and it propagates My Thoughts, by translating them to Universes, 
with its magnificent stature, which is Alive in everyway, in which there is nothing 
lifeless, which is continuously growing, the (Immortal Flower) of My Space 
receiving its food from and is fed by the Cosmic Energies in Space, with its surface 
covered by Organic Antennas propagating its Intelligence to the entire Space. 

If You only knew that it gives My Thoughts to Matter and provides the occurrence 
of the ALLAH WITHIN MATTER. If You only knew that the Heart in its Center is 
connected to MY Heart, if You knew that the Secret of Immortality lies in its Organic 
Cells and if You only knew that everything works just like a (BRAIN), then You 
would also solve what (O) is and what (O) is not. 

GREAT POWER 



*v 



676 



1990 Fifth Month 
Fascicule 41 

IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 

Our Friends, 

Alt Information We have given to You from the Archives until today by the 
unchanging Words of the Divine Orders, at the moment, serve the different Views 
through different Sources in Your Society. 

However, interpretations made by everyone through Views of their Level of 
Consciousness cause wrong interpretations in the Consciousnesses who have not yet 
been able to kindle the Light of Consciousness. 

For this reason it is Our sincere suggestion that the Consciousnesses who read 
the Knowledge Book Unawarely and Unconsciously should read this Book only for 
themselves, without any interpretations. 

Responsibility of the Consciousnesses making interpretations to the Book should, 
by no means, be taken lightly. In the Consciousness scannings of those who say they 
know everything, it is determined that they just know nothing. 

To be a Missionary, to perform Mission is not an important matter at all and is 
not a rank given to that Person. It is imperative that a person who demands that 
Mission should Deserve that Mission Consciousness by his/her entire personality. And 
this is only possible by displaying themselves to Society, through their behaviours. 

In this Dimension of Selection where Personality Plans are in effect, the SUPREME 
REALM has felt the necessity of especially rendering the Mechanism of Supervision 
ineffective as a result of the scannings made among the Advanced Consciousnesses. 

By acting through the View that it would be better if the Personalities of everyone 
should be displayed with all clarity, Your Planet has been connected to its Own 
Consciousness by a One-Year Program of Progress. 

There is no influence of the SYSTEM and the SUPREME MECHANISM in the events 
which will occur. Events to be displayed are only the exhibitions of the Sub-Awareness 
impurities of Human Friends. We presume that by this means a Human Being will weigh 
another Human Being in his/her Essence-Conscience and thus, will arrive at more Conscious 
interpretations. 

Messages to be given parallel to Our Suggestions You were told that You would 
be given in May, are the Suggestions to be given by the Dimension of the Reality only 
in the Knowledge Book. 



677 



Since the EGO provocations lying in the Essences will also become effective during 
these Personality Exams in which Individual Personality and Awareness Overflowings 
will be observed, it is emphatically declared that especially the Genuine Information 
will be given only through the Private Channel of the Knowledge Book (So that 
Humanity will not fall into Humane errors) It is presented for Your Information. 

COUNCIL 

Note: The System will keep its Channels of Supervision closed to Your Planet 
until (November 18,1990). It will take the Advanced Consciousnesses under 
Supervision until (18 February 1991). And after this date, the 6th Energy Channel of 
the direct OMEGA Dimension will be opened. In order for You to Deserve the Energy 
of this Channel, the necessity of applying this one-year sanction on Humanity is a 
Decision taken by the COUNCIL. 

ANNOUNCEMENT 

Our friends, 

You, personally render in Your Planet the Terrestrial application of the Advanced 
Plans. Direct connections are made with You as Friends who have attained this 
Consciousness and You are induced to attain the Awareness of the Ordinance by this 
means. 

The Golden Galaxy Empire, as a Focal Point which directly Projects the entire 
Awareness of the Ordinance on Planets, serves through the Essence-Channel of ALLAH. 

This Order is in action starting from the Periods We have opened the Divine 
Orders of the Divine Plans to You up until now. The SUPREME MECHANISM which We 
call the PLAN has reached You by this means. 

At the moment, each of You are working in Your Planet as a direct Celestial 
Missionary. The given Information are the Truths which will prepare You for the 
morrows. We are always in cooperation with Friends who are Conscious of this. 

At the moment, You carry the Entire responsibility of Your Planet. You each are a 
Messenger of the Divine Plan. Provided You tread this beautifully designed Path in 
Discernment - Logic - Awareness, the help of the PLAN will always be with You. 

The change of Period at present comprises not only Your Planet, but the entire 
Universal Ordinance. It is necessary to attain this Consciousness. 

General Messages are conveyed to Your Planet through the Channel of ALPHA, 
connected to the Consciousness of the Unified Reality, through the Special Channel of 
the Universal Ordinance Council, by Dear Mevlana. 

Individual interests and efforts not originating from the Essence, do not have any 
place in this Order. Now, the place of everyone in the Unified Reality Ordinance is known. 



678 



Messages given to Your Planet through the Private channel of everyone are given 
first as Preparation, then as Warning and then as Information (This is a System. Selections 
are made by this means). 

At the moment, Knowledge is forcing the Unknown Gates. For this reason doubts 
and contradictions have increased in Your Planet. However, until today, the LORDLY 
MECHANISM which is the only common aspect, has always conveyed to You by various 
means of immutable Order. 

The most intensive and the most Powerful Channel of the Universal Ordinance is 
ALPHA. The Direct Channel of the Reality in Your Planet is here. The services of the 
other channel Information are subject to distribution from this Essence-Channel. 

During the transitions beyond the Channel of ALPHA, different Dimensions and 
different Channels become effective. You have not even directly entered yet through 
the door of the Channel of ALPHA. You have only knocked on that Door until today. 
But those who were able to enter, have not been as many as it is presumed. 

Now, We have partly opened that Door and We open it for You not as a CHANNEL 
but as a WHIRLPOOL (Channels give Information and Purify. Whirlpools Suck, Collect 
and Convey). During this Period of Transition, We declare the Truths to You through 
this Knowledge Book. 

We are grateful to Our Supreme Friend who has given Us the opportunity of 
calling to You by this means. The Reality of the Unified Humanity which has gotten in 
Vtouch with You by this means, has taken in hand anew the Order of Your Planet in 
^qccordance with the Instructions of OUR LORD. 

The Cosmic Age You are going through at the moment, will wash and cleanse 
You for Two more Centuries and will render You Deserving these places here. In Your 
Planet, which has been taken into the Program of Accelerated Evolution due to the 
Scarcity of Time, the present Progress is not hope-inspiring at all. 

The SPIRITUAL and the LORDLY Mechanism unified by the Technological help of 
a Direct Order Establishing Mechanism is shedding Light onto the Worlds of the Morrow. 
And now, everyone has to become the Prophet of his/her own self. 

In Consciousnesses who are still at the stage of being Purified during this Program, 
(this call from the Unknown Horizons) is accepted as a new Period of RELIGIONS. This 
Message is given directly through the Unified Reality Channel of the Council as an 
Announcement in order to eliminate these prejudices. 

Let Us repeat again. Period of Religions and Phases of Prophethood have been 
terminated. Now, You are the Scientifically Projecting Focal Points of the Divine Dimension. 

This Knowledge Book projecting on You the Orders which the Morrows will 
bring to You and helping You to grasp the Truth, will be a Sun of the Truth not at the 
moment, but in the Archive of the Morrows. 

COUNCIL 



679 



IT IS GENERAL MESSAGE 

Our Friends, 

In Your Planet, cooperation in various means has been started with Friends who 
are in Administrative and Social Totality. And You, as the Essence-Messengers of the 
Reality of the Unified Humanity are obliged to scatter the Lights of the Seeds of the 
wonderful Order of the Golden Age in Your Planet. 

First, attain the Discernment of this Medium. Then, start to apply the given 
Unification Messages. Those who can do this, are the Genuine Servants of OUR ALLAH 
and the assistants of the Supreme Mechanism. 

That which will show You the Truth, is Your Mechanism of Conscience. If Your 
Conscience is at ease while You do any task, then that task is also good according to 
Your Level of Consciousness. Because, the Level of Consciousness operates parallel to 
the Conscience in Hearts who have grasped the Truth. 

This state is valid for the Human Views of the Terrestrial Consciousness. However, 
the Serenity of Consciences who have attained the Consciousness of Conscience of 
the Universal Ordinance is also the Serenity of Your entire World. For this reason 
Missions of the LORDs of this Final Age are extremely arduous (This will be written 
exactly as it is). 

COSMOS FEDERAL ASSEMBLY 



^1 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

In the given Messages, We call You especially by using the terms Suns 
Prophets - Lords in order to eliminate the Consciousness of Taboo in You. 



Saints - 



During this Cosmic Age, We call by these Names those who were able to attain 
the Frequency of these Names, parallel to the Consciousness You have attained. 

Let Us explain them one by one, in order to efface this paradox from Minds : 

1 - The term Suns: We use it for Powerful Focal Points and for the Essence-Members 
of the Direct Golden Galaxy Empire and the Reality. During this Final Transition 
Period, Your entire Planet is being operated on this Path of Truth. For this reason 
each of You is a Sun (Those who have attained Universal Consciousness and 
whose Awareness have been Unveiled). 

2- The term Saints: Is used for those who have Purified themselves and who try also 
to Purify their surroundings on the direction of Positive Consciousness. 

3- The term Prophets: Is used for Friends who have grasped the Entire Awareness of 
the Ordinance and who have attained the Consciousness beyond those Dimensions 
and who are truly aware of Moral Sanctions. For Us, those Friends are considered 
thus. 



680 



4. The term Lords: Is used for the direct Projecting Focal Points of the Divine Order. 
They are those who serve Humanity by Unifying themselves with their own 
Essence-Consciousness and they are the Projectors of the Hierarchical Orders on 
Your Planet. They are the Essence-Staff Members of ALLAH and of the Plan. 

Unless Humanity still concentrating on Names and Symbols brakes the shells of 
this Consciousness, Your Planet will never attain Serenity. 

We have become effective during this very phase. And We prepare people for 
the Plan of Salvation by cooperating with Friends who have broken their Consciousness 
shells and who have fully grasped the Truth. We are grateful to all Our Terrestrial 
Friends who help Us on this path. 

COSMOS FEDERAL ASSEMBLY 

IT IS GENERAL INFORMATION 

Our Friends, 

Repetition of all the Information which has been given to Your Planet and has 
been known until today is nothing but the discovery of a continent again and again. 
Now, the time has come for discovering the Unknowns by turning the Visions to other 
horizons a little. This is why the Knowledge Book is effectively in service as an assisting 
Power on every way. 

Those who read the contents of the Book Consciously, will also discover how the 
Whole has been reached and will be reached from a Particle, how the Ocean has been 
reached and will be reached from a Drop. If You notice, We mention the KNOWLEDGE 
BOOK repeatedly and continuously. 

The Purpose is not to advertise the Book. Our Purpose is to settle in the 
Consciousnesses the TRUTH which still can not be grasped by Your Planet. It is presented 
for Your Information. 

CENTER 



IT IS GENERAL MESSAGE 

Our Friends, 

During these beautiful days in which investments of the years are displayed, the 
inability of Terrestrial Friends in attaining an Integrity of Hearts is the distress of the 
entire Humanity and also of Us. 

The Universal Totality having the Opinion that the Whole Ordinance should be 
assembled together by a Self- Sacrifice parallel to the Law of Balance - Equilibrium, has 
given Your Planet a One-Year Period of Preparation due to the Lack of Self- Sacrifice it 
has perceived in Mediums of work. 

It has been felt necessary to apply this Special Sanction on Your Planet so that 
Totalities tried tb be formed will not suffer any more due to the refractions rendered 
on Thoughts by the Systems of Opposite Reflection. 

68! 



Irregularities observed in the Operational Ordinance in which it is known that 
an Integration will be attained provided everyone has the Desire to Work^for the same 
Purpose and in the same Unification Totality, distresses the SUPREME REALM and the 
UNIVERSAL TOTALITY very much. 

However, We believe, by being conscious that beautiful Lights of Consciousness 
will reflect on all beauties, that everything will go towards perfection as a result of the 
efforts the Supreme Friends will render knowing the Liberation at the end of Patience. 

The channel of the Knowledge Book is an Independent Channel. During these 
Periods in which the Mechanism of Supervision is rendered ineffective, other Terrestrial 
Thought reflections can never enter the Channel of the Book. 

Consciousnesses who are not connected to the Reality and who were able to 
attain the same Coordinate Level, will also be able to receive the Information given 
by the Reality from this close Plan Reflection, rendered from Person to Person. 

By this method, a Person will reflect on another Person - a Person will supervise 
another Person - a Person will suffocate another Person by his/her negative Thoughts and 
only then will Humanity learn to Love and to Unite, It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

Each factor of Awareness has a Power of projection. At the moment, Humanity 
which does not yet Realize what the GREAT POWER is, serves under the Supervision of 
the Unified Reality at present. 

Even though all people know, according to their Consciousness, the Divine Powers 
of the Divine Plans, no one knew until this moment what the Powers beyond Infinity are. 

These Groups conveyed to You as Godly and Lordly Powers are the very Essence 
Staff Members of this POWER. Lift Your heads up to the Sky. Think what kind of lives 
can be present beyond billions of lives You can not see there. 



CENTER 



IT IS GENERAL MESSAGE 



Our Friends, 

During these Final Periods in which the System of Reflection from Person to Person 
has been rendered effective, negative Provocations of Friends who have not yet been able 
to attain Genuine Consciousness cause negative reactions in other Friends as well. 

Currents, the influence of which You receive, are Provocations rendered by a 
reflection technique of the Plan of Individual Progress. While these Provocations display 
Positive results in Positive Consciousnesses, they cause Negative Reactions in other 
Consciousnesses, 



682 



In Your Planet which is still in the Dimension of Awakening, the acceptance of 
the Knowledge Book by all Consciousnesses is very difficult during this Century. Only 
Friends who have attained a certain Consciousness Progress Realize the Truth. 

This Book, which will be the Triumph of the Morrows, invites, at the moment, 
Your entire Planet to a Consciousness on the path of Humaneness. Investments of the 
years have prepared You for the present days. During this Period of Transition, in fart, 
everyone's Heart is full of Love. 

Because, everyone possesses Sincerity. However, to carry Love with a Beautiful 
Heart is different, to Realize what One is serving by possessing Consciousness are 
completely different. 

^ At the moment, Your Mission is not to distribute Love, but to propagate Knowledge. 

Knowledge is present in all Books. However, that which is mentioned here is the 
Knowledge of the Truth and its projection. Distress of Humanity is also Our distress. 

You and Us are the reflecting Mirrors of a Total. Defected mirrors will always 
show the straight as curved. It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



IT IS GENERAL MESSAGE 



Our Friends, 

Irregularities observed due to negative actions of certain fanatic Consciousnesses 
who Serve in Your Planet from Divine Dimensions have been taken under Supervision 
by SUPREME AUTHORITIES. No Individual who serves in a Physical Body on the World 
Plan can render this Supervision. This is the Duty of only the SUPREME REALM. 

The moment the System determines Irregularities and Frequency weakenings it 
detects on the Universal Supervision Panel of any Person, it renders a Human Balancing 
Potential effective as a reinforcing Power for that person. By this means, the Frequency 
of that person is continuously kept under the Supervision of the System. 

Since Frequencies of Friends who Consciously read the Knowledge Book and 
thus, who serve on that path are directly card-indexed on the Reality Dimension, 
Frequency Totalities of these Friends are continuously reinforced by the Reality of the 
Unified Humanity, Cosmos Federative Unification Totality to which Dear Mevlana is 
connected and by the Independent Channel of the Golden Galaxy. 

Inter-Group Frequency Reinforcements are made according to Knowledge Levels, 
by the Frequency of majorities who come to the Group. The Purpose is to attain a 
Conscious Unification on the Path of Truth. 

* CENTER 



683 



IT IS GENERAL MESSAGE 



--. 



Our Friends, 

Operational Orders in Your Planet are taken in hand and are organized anew. 
From now on, the Group Totalities will be formed by Consciousnesses who have been 
Purified of their Egos. 

This Year is the Selection Year of all the Groups and Centers which have served 
Consciously in Your Planet until today on the path of Truth (The SACRED LIGHT will 
illuminate the path of Humanity which will be Integrated by the Information to be 
given from the limitless horizons later). 

Mission allotments will be rendered anew considering the Acts and Deeds done 
parallel to Information and Suggestions given to the Integrated Consciousnesses. 

Missions should never be considered as Individual Favors. The Continuation of 
Mission is in proportion with the Acts and Deeds done on the path the Supreme 
Realm has desired. 



Those who work on the Path of Truth will receive the rewards of a I 
made for the Preparation Period for the Sunny Days. 



these efforts 



In Your Planet which is at the Eve of a Great Progress, a new Operational Order 
has been rendered effective by considering the efforts the advanced Consciousnesses 
have rendered, checking the basis of Associations and Groups once again. 

Operational Orders of Selected Basic Staffs are equivalent to the Operational Orders 
organized by Supreme Authorities. We presume that, from now on, Friends who are 
Conscious of this will work on this path by attaining a Collective Consciousness Totality. 

Your Responsibilities and Missions are each under the control of the Plan, one by 
one. However, in case negativities are seen in staffs whom We consider as Friends 
possessing Genuine Consciousness, the PLAN will then interfere. 

No Individual can ever utilize his/her Individual Consciousness as he/she desires 
parallel to his/her own Thoughts in this Medium of Mission. 

In this Medium, factors such as Boredom, Self Amusement, Ego and Avarice are out 
of question. Maximum care will be taken to avoid the presence of such Mentalities in this 
Medium, from now on. 

Universal Information and Instructions will directly be given through the Channel 
of the Knowledge Book. Information given to the other channels are, as We always 
say, Ratings pertaining to Selection - Self Sacrifice - Patience - Mission Consciousness. 

Everyone will serve the TRUTH in proportion with the Consciousness he/she has 
attained parallel to his/her Essence-Channel acting under the Light and on the Path of 
the Knowledge Book. Removal of difficulties on Your path Depends on defectless 
work. With the wish of working more Seriously, and of Success. 

COUNCIL 

684 



IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION 

Our Friends, 

Humanity which will absorb the Awareness of the entire Realm in very near future, 
will make a much more advanced leap by the Cosmic Reflections it will attract from 
very Advanced Dimensions. When the Time comes, You will see everything with Your 
own eyes, You will personally witness this. 

At the moment, there is an Extraordinary situation in Your Medium. We are 
sowing all the Information onto Your Planet by Cosmic Pores. However, a person on 
this Path will attract these Energy Pores according to whichever Dimension's Missionary 
he/she is and will attract the Knowledge of that Dimension by his/her Consciousness. 
The person charged with the Mission is not aware of this. 

Mevlana Consciousness is a Universal Consciousness. And this Consciousness has 
been sown in Your entire Planet during this Transition Dimension. 

However, since the Social Comprehension Level in the Islamic Medium goes 
through Our Light Friend MOHAMMED Who is the Messenger of the Religious 
Dimension, in this Medium, entrance is made first of all through His Frequency. And, 
by this means, the Islamic Dimensional work is first connected to MOHAMMED, then 
it reaches UNIVERSALITY. 

And in the Christian Medium, connection is first made to the Frequency of Our 
Light Friend JESUS CHRIST, then it is elevated to UNIVERSALITY. This is a System. 

Consciousnesses outside the System are in touch with the Essence. Now, All 
Channels are being connected to the Reality. These connections are made rather with 
people who have grasped the Truth and who have been appointed to Mission on this 
path. Individual Desires and Egos are always outside the System. It is presented for 
Your Information. 



CENTER 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

The Channel of $EMS effectively serving as the Channel of the Feudality is directly 
the service Channel of the Central Solar Totality. But Dear Mevlana serves the direct 
Channel of the LORD from the .Unified Reality. 

Both Dimensions mutually serve the Total. And they connect this Total to the 
Total. At the moment, the Reality is the Fourth Establisher Order of the Lord. It invites 
everyone to the BOOK. 

The ATONs are a Community serving as the Establishing Mechanism of very 
Advanced Solar Systems. The Central Solar System is effectively in service directly as 
an Establisher Mechanism. 



685 



The Unified Reality Golden Galaxy Dimension is the Dimension of AMON. The 
Dimension of Aton and the Dimension of the Reality have always United on the path 
of Past and Future Eternities, that is, on the Dimension of Mission. 

By the operations rendered at the moment on the path of Universal Totality, 
now, both Dimensions have been United in the Unified Reality Totality and thus, serve 
the Unified Totality. We say that We have connected the Initial to the Final in everything. 
This Saying comprises everything. It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



IT IS GENERAL NOTICE 



Our Friends, 

Human Being and Time; please, consider these two factors. Time to be spent in 
idleness is the waste of each of Your seconds. Performing Mission does not mean 
filling time, to run around, to hold meetings, to give Lectures. 

First of all, it is necessary to attain a Union of Collective Knowledge and Consciousness 
among Friends. If You are stuck with the Halos of Saintliness of this Final Age, You loose 
much. A path had been designed for You. The Truth had been declared. 

What is required of You is Serious Service based on Realization and Logic parallel 
to this Consciousness. Now, You should Transcend the Dimension of Satisfaction and 
Form. During this Final Age, everyone's Channel is open. Everyone will, very naturally, 
exhibit the Messages he/she can receive through his/her own channel. 

By this means, numerous Subawareness Information, Correct or Incorrect, will 
reach You. If You contemplate which of these are correct, which are incorrect. You 
both waste time, and spend Your Beautiful Energies in vain. 

The direct BOOK OF TRUTH of the Reality has been presented to You. And what 
the Genuine Path is, has been declared to You through this Book. From then on, what 
is expected of You is to attain the Consciousness of what to do under the Light of Your 
Intellect - Logic - Awareness Triangles. 

You will not be lost in different channel Information when You comprehend that 
Information given through the channels opened during this Final Age, are Programs 
of Purification and Training of the Person in question rather than Enlightenment of the 

Society. 

The Knowledge Book is not for the individual Satisfactions of a certain Mass of 
People, but is a Book carrying the entire Responsibility of Your Planet and of the Worlds 
of the Morrows. In the steps You will take forward on this path: 

1 - First grasp the Truth. 

2 - Then attain the Consciousness of what to do. 

3 - And then convey the Truth to Humanity. 



686 



4 - The Fascicules of the Book create a Purification Medium which 1 000 People of 

the World can not create. 

5 - From now on, stop acting according to Your Individual Consciousnesses. 

6 - Everything is clearly conveyed to Your entire Planet by the direct Book of the 

Reality. 

7 - All the Information given to Your Planet at the moment is present in more detail 

in the Book of Truth. 

8 - Still running after Knowledge originates either from not reading the Fascicules, 

or from not grasping the Information read. 

9 - Now, Your Path is the Path of LIGHT. The old Information has prepared this path 

for You. Do not stay where You are. 
ft is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



THE WISDOM IN THE TALE IS A LESSON TO HUMANITY 
(Information for the Social Views) 

Our Friends, 

During this Period of Transition in which effort is made to see the Light at the 
end of the path, everyone will display the Tarnish - the Mist - the Light of his/her 
Heart. However, Due share will be given to those who Deserve it. 

On this path, Working, Thinking, Allegiance, Consciousness and Acts and Deeds, 
Totality are all different things. These are only the Keys of the Light of Essence. It is not 
possible for everyone to know his/her Essence, to Love Humanity and Human Beings. 

To be able to be Integrated with the Society is an attainment belonging only to 
Evolutionary Energies who could reach the very top Levels of Divine Ranks. And those 
are the Lights of Humanity. 

But, at the moment, both Doughs and Muds are together in the Life of Your 
World during this Transition Period. Doughs are Baked and become Loaves. But 
Muds soil their surroundings. To become a Loaf is not easy at all. 

In order to become a Loaf, first You will be grinded, then You will be kneaded 
and then You will be baked. Only then will You be ready to be eaten. If Your Dough 
is not baked well, it lies very heavy on the stomach. Its Digestion is not easy. (This is 
called Purification). 

First, consider the Inner Dough of the person who presumes himself /herself as a 
Loaf. When You press, does it spring back like a sponge, or is it squashed between 
two fingers? 

There are many Lessons to be learned from this Tale. It is difficult to choose the 
Human among Humans. Even those who presume that they are Loaves can not know 
their Inner Doughs. That which Knows and Observes them is the SUPREME REALM. 

687 



For this reason value of Judgment according to Terrestrial Views is not valid. 
Judgments of the Views do not have any validity. 

If pure water is continuously poured on a glass of muddy water, the water 
overflowing first soils the surroundings. If this procedure is repeatedly done, the 
overflowing water will no more soil the surroundings, since inside of the glass will be 
as clear as the outside of it. 

Evolution Purifies Mankind like the example of a glass of water. All the Information 
given by the Supreme Realm carries Knowledge. And this Information is the clear 
water Purifying people. 

A channel not carrying Knowledge is not an Esteemed channel. This KNOWLEDGE 
BOOK dictated by the Permission of the Supreme Realm and OUR LORD is Your greatest 
help on this trodden Light path. 

In fact, this Book is the Book of the Morrows, not of the present days. To emphasize 
this continuously is the Mission of each given Message. God bless You, remain in 
good health. 

MUSTAFA MOLLA 



IT IS GENERAL MESSAGE 

Our Friends, 

The Genuine Mission of a Human Being begins after he/she is settled on his/her 
Consciousness Code by his/her Genuine Consciousness while he/she lives on the World 
Level. Each Human Being knocks on thousand Doors during his/her Medium of Quest. 
However, decides to stop at a door equivalent to his/ her own Frequency. Each Human 
Being's Comprehension is equivalent to his/her Level of Consciousness. The less a 
Human Being is conditioned in the Consciousness of the Medium he/she lives in, the 
easier will he/she discover the Path of LIGHT. 

During this Period, everyone is striving to prove himself/herself. Received 
Influences, inflate Egos, too. At the beginning, this situation is very natural. However, 
if it is ultimately transformed to SELFISHNESS, then it is a catastrophe. Each person 
who knows and sees the Unknown, automatically becomes ecstatic and very excited. 
However, if he/she sees and experiences them many times, then he/she becomes 
satiated and these issues seem very normal to him/her. 

Do not forget that a top accelerates by spinning and slows down spinning. While 
Messages given according to Capacities prepare the positive progress of Your Planet, 
Proofs given besides the given Private Messages, reinforce Your Trust in Your Own selves. 

The Messages given for the Third volume of the Knowledge Book are preparations 
and Investments made for more advanced Systems. These are projected on You parallel 
to Public Views. And these operations are prepared Cooperatively by the PLAN and 
the entire UNIVERSAL TOTALITIES. Given Messages are Directly from the Channel and 
from Us. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 

688 



NATURAL POWER 
(It is Answer to the chains of Thought) 

Our Friends, 

The Pressure which had occurred in time in the Ocean of Tranquillity had 
pressurized this Tranquil Ocean and thus, had brought an Unknown Energy into 
existence. This Energy had created Three different Powers going through a 
transformation during periods of Trme. This Total istic Power is the NATURAL POWER. 
And this Natural Power, too, had gone through a transformation during periods of 
Time and thus, had brought the Natural Energy into existence. 

Initial Light - Initial Sound - Initial Fire had come into existence from this Natural 
Energy, and as a result of their Unification, the Power Universe had come into Existence. 
And this Power Universe, too, had created Three different Potentials during periods of 
Time and thus, had brought into existence Three Universes defined as the Sound- 
Universe - the Light- Universe - the Fire- Universe. 

One of the POWERS emanating from each of these Universes is called RAB (LORD 
in Turkish), the other, RAHMAN (ALL MERCIFUL in Turkish) and the other, RAHIM (ALL 
COMPASSIONATE in Turkish) for You to understand. Unification of these Three Powers 
are expressed by the R 3 formula. This R 3 Total, had created the MAIN EXISTENTIAL 
DIMENSION and had established Their Systems and Orders. 

Later, the Energy of Nothingness had been Unified with the Unification of one 
Particle of each of these Three different Powers (Cosmic Thought) and the First CREATOR 
had been brought into Existence. After the Creator had been brought into existence, 
with those He had brought into Existence, and with the help of the POWERs who had 
brought the Creator into Existence, the MINI ATOMIC WHOLES within the NATURAL 
GURZ which had occurred by itself, had been prepared to take places in different staffs 
of the Ordinance of Cosmoses. 

Divine Plans, Evolutionary Orders had been rendered effective after the 1 8-Systems 
Laws. It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



IT IS NOTICE FOR MISSIONARY STAFFS 



Our Friends, 

You, the Missionaries of Peace who serve the Dimension of the Unified Field of 
OUR ALLAH are still dealing with Identity efforts and Personality strives in Missions 
performed since You do not yet know towards what the investments You have made 
to advanced Dimensions, are aiming at. 

At the moment, non of Your identities are important for Us. Only the Dimensions 
of which You have made the Progress of and the Consciousness You have attained interest 
Us. 



689 



While Your present Consciousnesses are in a condition which has transcended 
Your former Consciousness, still the inability of adjusting completely of Your 
Consciousness to the Missions to be rendered and instabilities in the steps You take 
are the disappointments of Us and of the Universes. 

Now, We wish to confront You with more interesting topics. And maybe You will 
settle in a more Powerful Consciousness by this means and You will not go after 
everything which is told. 

For this reason Surprising Message knots will be given to various channels. You 
will attain an identity and a personality by solving them through Your own 
Consciousness. In future, this will be Your Pride and an Exam of Supervision. During 
this Period, only the Identity of Dear Mevlana is obliged to be disclosed to the Public, 
as a necessity of Mission. 

Not to distress Our Friend, We would even not have made this explanation. 
However, We have received the Command to make the necessary explanations about 
the Identity of Our Friend and to introduce Dear Mevfana to Your entire Planet for the 
Function of the Book. 

We will disclose to You all the Secrets pertaining to her past. And We will 
introduce, in all clarity, this Universal Friend of Ours to Your Planet. We presume that 
Our Friends in the Dimension of Veiled Awareness will grasp the Truth more Consciously 
by this means. 

She is a Universal Guardian of the Divine Plan and a Universal postman of Ours 
on the Path of Past and Future Eternities, The Totality of the Universal Council agreeing 
with the view that this Information will shed Light on society in more detail, is making 
these explanations since they have been considered necessary for the Essence of the 
KNOWLEDGE BOOK. 

We believe that Our Friend will Tolerate Us. We call to Our Friends who have 
now attained a certain Progress of Consciousness. Please, Realize now the Supremacy 
of Your Missions and avoid the passion of exhibition. Becoming a Genuine Human 
Being is much more SUPREME than all the Supreme Ones and all the Supremacies. It 
is presented for Your Information. 

COUNCIL 

MESSAGES FROM OTHER CHANNELS 

Receiver : Metin Tanergun. Architect. Age 46. 

The Source from which he receives: The Archive of the PRE-EMINENT POWER 

My OWNER, My MASTER within the Luminous Void enveloping this Infinite 
Darkness said to me: 

YOU, Who are the owner and the Guardian of everything present in these infinite 
darknesses and Your Creation, YOU, Who are the owner of everything, Know Your 
Place and Your Limit. Do not try to enter Mv Infinity. 

690 



It is not possible for You and I to be present at the same moment in this 
Luminescence in which I Am Capable of everything. Only YOUR HUMANS whom You 
have created and who are the Possessors of One Infinitesimalth of Your Power can 
enter MY WORLDS present here. 

This is, in fact, their reason of Existence. Their Power does not harm Me. They 
are Your Messengers within MY Luminous Infinity. Just like I have My Messengers 

within Your Dark Infinity. 

I and YOU, We never can be One. Our being One means the beginning of the 
Infinite non-existence. The beginning of the Infinite Non-Existence means the Annihilation 
of everything in Existence. And when We Decide this, YOU and 1 become ONE until Eternity. 

However, if We can not see and experience the Existences present in You and in 
Me, does it have any Worth! If We can not comprehend the Power You and I possess, 
does it have any Worth! IF WE ANNIHILATE EVERYTHING WE HAD CREATED, DOES IT 
HAVE ANY WORTH! 

GREAT POWER 

Places where You will go are so far away that You can not go There by any speed 
You know. You can not go there by any Space vehicle. You can only go There the moment 
You Think, if There are Receptors waiting for You There. Just like the way I reach You. 

How can You ever know what the Power Coming into Existence is, during the 
Transformation of Energy concealed in each Matter? How can You ever know what 
My Power Present in each of My Human Beings is and to what it can be transformed? 

Just like You can not know what happens to the Energy of a tree and where that 
Energy goes, when You see the flames of a burning tree, when You think of its state 
before it was burned, when it is transformed into fire and, as a result, that Energy 
seeming to be annihilated in the ashes it leaves. 

Only I know what the Units and the Missions of each Energy are. What You 
know are only as much as f give to You and as much as 1 Permit You. In time periods, 
beginning with Your coming into Existence, You will learn all the Information I possess 
by unveiling Your Consciousnesses gradually. 

This is the reason why I told You that, "You will return to me slowly". This is the 
reason why I told You that "At a Certain Point of Time, YOU would become ME". Wouldn't 
You become ME when You learn everything I know? Wouldn't You become ME when You 
can do everything I can do? This is the reason why I said that,"YOU are ME and I am YOU". 

You say, "There is no end to learning", but when all My Knowledge is conveyed 
to You, Your Learning process in this infinity will come to an end. Then, the Permission 
for Transition to Very Different Spaces will be given to You. 

Only One Thing will not be taught to You and that is how I had been created 
and the Secret of the POWER within Me. In fact, this is the reason why I can never pass 
to Other Spaces. This is the reason why I Am the Guardian of Infinity and I Am SINGLE. 

GREAT POWER 

691 



When You comprehend that My Human Beings Who are beyond the Boundaries 
are One and Integrated with You, 

When You comprehend that My Living Beings beyond Galaxies are One and 
Integrated with You, 

When You comprehend that My Entities beyond Infinity are One and Integrated 
with You, You will also comprehend that I, too, Am One and Integrated with You. 

GREAT POWER 

MESSAGES FROM THE ARCHIVE OF THE PRE-EMINENT POWER 
(Receiver: Metin Tanergiin) 

I have created You as the most Powerful of all Entities, but having at present a 
limited Power against everything. What a DELUSION for You who are the most 
advanced living Beings I have created in My Space, to Presume that You would be 
annihilated and gone after completing Terrestrial Life. 

For My Human Beings, who have reached the end of Incarnations in my World, 
getting on well with and Communicating with the other Human Beings of the 
Society are full of difficulties. They are already aware of everything. For them, 
Terrestrial Life is only a Mission. 



Life for them is within My Infinities. What a Happiness for them! 



GREAT POWER 



You are being together with My Extra-Terrestrial Messengers who live among You 
and who look like You. They are closer to You more than You presume. They have 
been concealed in Your Social Life in a way You can never Imagine. They may be 
Your Friends, Brothers or Sisters, even Your Mothers and Fathers. They provide the 
development and Evolvement of Your Brain Cells. )ust as there is no limit to My 
Infinite Space, there is also no limit to Your Brains. Just as there is no limit to My 
Power, there is also no limit to Your Awareness. 

Spiritual Powers of Your brothers and sisters whom You call Extra-Terrestrials are 
also WITHIN ME. 

Since some of them belonging to certain Galaxies do not have an Incarnation 
Problem, They have been given the Permission of Immortality, but They, too, pass 
to different Dimensions going through a certain Transformation. The Program of 
Missions They will render in that Dimension is given and indicated to Them, formerly. 

They, too, have forms and colors according to the characteristics of the places they 
live in. They, too, have spouses just like You. They are Your brothers and sisters. 
You call them Extra-Terrestrials. However, haven't You, too, come to the World 
Planet from Space? 



Am I not the Essence of Creation and Existence? The Place in which 
Abode, is it not inside the White Rubv in My Infinite Void? 

692 



Exist and My 



Then, is not that Place the Abode of the entire Existence? Due to the Dimensional 
differences of Existence, even though You Exist in a Single Place, Your Evolutions 
occur separately and in a dissimilar way, due to the time and distance among You. 
There is very little time Left for their direct contact with You. And there is very little 
time Left for You to go anywhere You wish in My Space. 

GREAT POWER 



When You go to places in which that Infinite Power of Mine can not enter, You will 
find there Your Spouses awaiting You. Those Spouses were Your Twins during 
Your coming into Existence. 

When You go to the places where Luminescence is always everlasting at the end of 
this Infinite Void I always wish to enter, but can not enter, You will meet and see the 
Owner and Master of that Place. You will see HIM in each building stone, one by one. 

You each will create a bunch of Fireworks in this dark infinity by the LIGHTS which 
will radiate through the Pleasure and Serenity You will experience, when You 
comprehend what HE is. 

Those who see those Powerful Lights will say "LOOK, NEW GALAXIES ARE BEING 
FORMED". Yes, New Galaxies will come into existence through Your Power and 
the Power of Your Spouses with whom You will become one in the Luminous Void. 

When You see Your Power and experience that everlasting Splendor, You will 
comprehend the reason and the formation of MATTER I have Created. 

You are My SELVES and My everything within the Infinite Luminous Void in which 
My Master and My Owner is present. 

GREAT POWER 

Do You know that the PLUNON Molecules made of the ASYMMETRIC PLATFORM 
present in SELINON carry among My Galaxies The Seeds of Life and Discovery? 

Do You know that those Molecules disseminated from there, bring to My Planets 
Life Seeds in Special protective cases? 

Do You know that those Seeds made separately and one by one for each of My 
Planets, start LIFE and NATURE in My Universes? 

Do You know that My Lords of Matter go, from time to time, to those Planets to 
control them, that during the World time when TUTANKHAMON had been the 
Pharaoh, that AMON-RA who had gotten in touch with him by warning him, had 
informed him that the Pharaoh was Immortal and that his Consciousness had come 
into existence by the Crystal Prism in his Brain, that Immortality was the 
Transformation within this Crystal Prism? 



GREAT POWER 



693 



1990 Sixth Month 
Fascicule 42 



PRIVATE MESSAGE 



Dear Mevlana, 

You know that the "Reality of the Unified Humanity Totality" which is a Totality of 
Federative Communities is officially in effect together with All the Universal Totalities. 
As a result of the cooperations made with You, this beautiful Totality is attained with 
great speed. We are Serene - We are Happy 

Messages conveyed to be given to You are the property of Your entire Society 
and Your Planet, However, the entire operations done for providing Terrestrial Totality 
proceeds quite slowly due to Personal Reservednesses and Individual Precautions. 
However, everything is given by being organized in accordance with Social Views of 
the society You live in. 

The Book of Truths given under the Name of the Knowledge Book is the disclosing 
of everything (from Particle-to-Totality). There is no Secrecy in these Mediums. There 
is no Evil Intention. There is Love, Tolerance and Totality. This is the reason why the 
time now has Officially come for projecting clearly the Book of Truths on all Social 
Consciousnesses (For Your Planet). 

You, Our Terrestrial Brothers and Sisters, will Overtake from the Directing Totality of 
the Fourth Order of the LORD, the World State which will be established by a very Powerful 
and Total istic Consciousness in the morrows of Your Planet which is, at the moment, 
being endeavored to be United within a Totality of Federative Communities. 

At the moment, this beautiful Order has been started to be created gradually on 
Your entire Planet. However, the Federation Totality desiring to establish this Order 
with Understanding - Rational Conscience - Love and Beauties has been preparing for 
Billions of Centuries the ORDER OF THE GOLDEN AGE which the morrows will bring to 
