Consciously without being subjected to Excitement - Confusion - Panic. 

During this Period, each channel is going through a selection by its own 
Confirmation - Allegiance and Mission Consciousness. Now, operational Ordinances 
in the Light of the Totalities of the Intellect - Logic - Awareness have been rendered 
effective. However, during the selections made at the moment, the Advance 
Provocation channels of the Integrated Consciousnesses are in effect. 

A selection is made among the Consciousnesses who project on Your Planet the 
entire Awareness of the Ordinance, Everyone who receives the Divine Light sooner or 
later settles on the Consciousness of the Truth. 

However, until the Individual who serves on this path controls his/her Channel 
by his/her Terrestrial Consciousness and until he/she settles on the Consciousness of 
what to do by establishing the Totality of Intellect * Logic - Awareness, he/she is not 
considered a Genuine Missionary. 

During this Period, various techniques are applied on many channels, so that 
everything can become more perfect. And Messages are given to each channel in 
accordance with its criterion of Consciousness. 

Only Dear Mevlana receives the Messages from the System in connection with 
the Direct ALPHA Channel Center, as a necessity of the Mission She renders. 

It is desired that the creation of the lost Beauties of the past should be made anew. 
This is in effect as a Universal Constitution. For this reason the fundamental operational 
Order of the World of the Morrows has rendered effective an operation parallel to the 
operational Ordinance of the Advanced Civilization of the Golden Dimension. 

Due to this fact, Consciousness selections are being made in Your Planet. The 
Main Fundamental Laws of the just World State which will be established by the Original 
Consciousnesses of the Morrows, will become effective parallel to the Laws of the 
Golden Dimension. And You who are the foundation stones of this Advanced 
Establishment, are the Totalities who will form these fundamental Elements by Your 
Humane Totality and Your Consciences. It is presented for Your Information. 

SUPREME MECHANISM 



867 



IT IS INFORMATION TO THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 

Our Friends, 

A Unification Program is executed in all the Universal Totalities which are the 
application fields of the Fourth Order of Cod. 

According to this Program, those who had wished in all the Totalities within the 
Universal Dimensions, had received the Permission to acquire a Body in order to help 
the Godly Totality, by accepting to serve on the Path of the System and for this reason, 
their transfers to Your Planet had been realized. 

Each Universal Totality has a System - Ordinance - Order constituting its own 
Constitution. In each operational Medium, the System is the Topmost Authority. It is 
a Totality assembling in its constitution all the operational functions of its own Totality. 

The Ordinance and the Order within this Totality are in effect as the executors of the 
Program and the Plan. The Messengers of the Ordinance and the Order who are Embodied 
in Your Planet at the moment, are the Nucleic Staffs of their own Universal Totalities. 

However, these Friends will make Covenants with the System as a necessity of 
the Program, by the work they will do in accordance with the Suggestions of the 
System and in accordance with the Knowledge Book. 

These Universal Friends had only made Promises in accordance with the Program 
of the System. Their Universal Covenants had not been made, These Covenants of 
theirs will be made in return to their services they will perform on the Planet Earth. 
And they will be card-indexed into the Main Channel by this means. Due to this fact, 
a great selection is made in Your Planet. 

These Friends who have come to help the Godly Order as the very Advanced 
Consciousnesses of their own Dimensions, will be returned to the Dimensions from 
which they had come, in case they deviate from the Spirit of Unification and in case 
they do not abandon their Individual Thoughts despite all the work they do on the 
path of Humanness. For this reason Invitation Messages are given by the System and 
Files are prepared and sent to the Focal Points. 

Friends who had been transferred to Your Planet as the Universal Missionaries of 
the Knowledge Book at the moment, are the Friends who had come from the Dimension 
of the Golden Galaxy and from the Land of the Loving Ones. They had made Covenants 
with the System at the Universal Totality and thus, they execute their Missions 
Consciously in Your Planet. 

All the Friends who had come from the Land of The Loving Ones are Friends, as 
Essence Genes, who had offered their Cenes to Humanity. These Friends will convey 
the Truth through the Knowledge Book to the Totalities they will assemble within 
their own Auras, in accordance with the Gene Programs and they will help to form the 
Aura of the Book in Your Planet. 



K68 



The Essence Genes who will be Integrated with their own Genes, will render the 
Friends who carry their Genes become card-indexed into the System by this means. 
The Totalities of 1 8, parallel to the operations made on the path of the Knowledge 
Book have been rendered effective in Your Planet for this reason. 

In accordance with the Final Program of the First Cosmic Age, Dear Mevlana is 
obliged to establish (1 8) Totalities of 1 8 in the Cities (Ankara - Izmir - Istanbul) for 
now, in the Missionary Country, the Turkey of Ataturk, in order to form the Totality of 
Reflection until the Year 2000. 

In order to be able to make the Covenants of Friends with the Universal Totality 
who come to these Totalities and who had not made Covenants formerly there is the 
obligation to obey, word for word, to the Suggestions required by the System. 

Each Individual who serves in these Totalities of 18, connects the people to whom 
he/she gives service, to his/her own Aura, by the Conscious work he/she does on the 
path of the Knowledge Book and thus, takes them into the Plan of Salvation. 

By this means, each Friend within the Totality of 18 takes only one person under 
supervision during the service he/she gives on his/her (Conscious Mission) Day and 
thus, provides the formation of many secret Totalities of 1 8 on the same Coordinate, 
without being aware of it. 

At the moment, the Mixed Reflection Programs of the Knowledge Book are in effect 
under the direct supervision of the System. Totalities of 1 8 which can not render effective 
an operation in accordance with the requirements of the System can never be completed. 
And they are doomed to disband as time goes by, in connection with the Automatism. 

In future, these Totalities of 1 8 will be constituted by perfect Staffs. However, in 
this operational Ordinance, there is the obligation that each Totality of 18 should be 
Unified with the other Totalities of 1 8. A Separate Colony will be formed at the Universal 
Dimensions with the Totalities of 18 which are not willing for Unification and 
Integration. And they will not be accepted into the Godly Totality. 

In future, numerous Totalities of 1 8 will be constituted in Your Planet. This is a 
Universal Unification Program, Permission will never be given, in any way, for 
Individualistic Totalities, It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



869 



IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION 

Our Friends, 

Operations rendered in all the sections of Your Planet until today are the 
exhibition of an operational Program to Humanity the System considers necessary. 
However, Humanity is not Conscious of this yet. 

Mission Consciousness - Efforts - Obligations of all the Friends who serve in all 
the operations made in Your Planet are registered into the Universal Diskettes since 
the days they were born. By this System, everyone is being oriented towards the fields 
in which they will be productive, in accordance with their Levels of Consciousness. 

In order to provide the self Confidence of all the Individuals who were able to 
get in Touch with the Universal Totalities, confirmative Messages are always given to 
them parallel to their Thoughts. These operational Ordinances are rendered effective 
parallel to the Programs of Satisfaction and Training. 

Messages given directly from the System are the exhibitions to Your Planet of an 
operation pertaining to the Investments made for the Advanced Plans. 

When the Time comes, those who will participate, with their same Goals and 
same Coordinate Reflections in the Universal Meeting which will be organized in Your 
Planet, will be card-indexed, together with their Auras, into the Ordinance of the 
Universes as a Totaltstic Knot (This Meeting will come into effect when the time comes, 
as an International Unification Totality). 

Messages given from the channel of the Knowledge Book concerning the Morrows, 
are given parallel to an operation the Plan considers necessary. The Divine Ordinance 
will bring to You the Lights of the Future during the Morrows. 

The Projection to Your Planet of the fundamental operational Ordinances of the 
World State which will be established parallel to the Consciousness of the Golden 
Dimension are the operations made together with Friends who were able to attain a 
certain Level of Consciousness. All the Information within the Universal Totality is 
open to Your Planet, there is no secrecy. 

However, when the required results could not be obtained from the Messages 
concerning the Universal Unification Invitations given to Dear Mevlana through the 
ALPHA Central Channel of the System, it has been considered appropriate, due to the 
Scarcity of Time, to open to Your Planet certain Package Programs which were 
considered to be rendered effective by Mature Personalities in Future Periods. 

And the First of these Packages has been rendered effective by the (LALE*) Code 

Cipher. 

Every Name projects a Frequency Totality. The name in here has nothing to do 
with the name of a flower. In this operational Ordinance, all the Totalities of the 
Universal System - Ordinance - Order will offer to Your Planet a Collective operation, 
by the Reflections to be made by the Supreme Mechanism. 






* Look at the Glossary. 



870 






Br: 



These operations will be rendered under the supervision of the Universal 
Ordinance Council. In the operational Mediums in the Terrestrial Procedures, Totality 
of Intellect and Heart has been taken as the criterion. The selections of Friends who 
will work in this Medium are made by the Plan. 

When the Medium attains a certain Consciousness, it is considered that Messages 
pertaining to these matters should be added into the Knowledge Book. This Message 
of Ours has been prepared as an answer for the chains of Thought. It is presented for 
Your Information. 

SYSTEM 

Note: Dear Mevlana; writing Our Message, dated 15-11-1991, in the Knowledge 
Book as an Information has been considered appropriate in order to eliminate 
prejudices. Love and Regards. 

IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 

Dear Mevlana, 

The operational Ordinances under the Code-Cipher LALE which will form the perfect 
foundations of the Morrows have not been rendered effective at the moment, as a side 
branch of the Ankara and Istanbul Associations, but as The Fundamental Operational 
Ordinance. Organizing the operations which will be made from now on in accordance 
with these foundations is an operational Ordinance the Supreme Mechanism considers 
necessary. 

Carrying on the operational Ordinances organized in accordance with the 
Terrestrial Procedures, parallel to these given operations will form the perfect 
functioning Mechanism of the foundation of the World of the Morrows. With the 
request that this given Message of Ours should be conveyed to the Ankara and Istanbul 
Groups in the shortest possible time, (15-11-1991). 

CENTRAL SUPERVISION COMMITTEE 

IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

During the Program of projecting the Fourth Order of ALLAH on Your Planet, We 
have set out with all the Totalities who had made Covenants with the Universal 
Constitution and with all the Friends who had not made Covenants with the System, 
but who are present in Your Planet Embodied as assistance for the Godly Order. 

Selections are made by rendering effective different channel impositions since 
during these Final Selections it is necessary that the Messengers of the Ordinance and 
the Spokespeople of the Order who have come from the applied Systems of their own 
Dimensions will be Card-Indexed into the Godly System by considering their services 
parallel to the work they have done and will do on the path of the Knowledge Book. 



871 



For this reason the Announcements given through the channel of the Knowledge 
Book, connected directly to the Supreme Authority of the Lordly System, the Truths 
and the operational Ordinances are being declared to You through this Single Channel. 
It is presented for Your Information. 



SYSTEM 



IT IS GENERAL MESSAGE 



Our Friends, 

The Dimension mentioned in Your Sacred Books as the Dimension of Intercession 
is an In-between Layer between the Exit of the 1 5th Solar System, that is, of the 1 8th 
Dimension and the Entrance of the 16th Solar System, that is, of the 19th Dimension. 

We remove this detailed Information and call the Dimension of Intercession the 
1st Entrance Layer of Omega. The Frequency of this Dimension corresponds to the 
72nd Energy Dimension. 

In fact, all Your Sacred Books had been Projected on Your Planet by the Frequency of 
this Dimension . However, since Social Consciousnesses were not ready during that Period, 
this Frequency had been obscured in all Sacred Books excluding the Bopk of Islam. 

However, in Koran which is the Book of Islam, this Frequency of the 18th 
Dimension had been given by dividing it into two. And the firs* (9) Frequencies of this 
Dimension had been bestowed on Your Planet by being openly connected to the 
Frequencies of all Your Sacred Books. 

And the second (9) Energy Frequencies had been locked up in Ciphers parallel 
to the Consciousness Progress. Those Dimensions has been opened only to those 
who were able to render Consciousness Progress, 

The Dimension which carries the First 9th Energy Frequency of the Dimension of 
Intercession is called the Dimension of SERENITY. This Dimension is the Exit Gate from 
the Terrestrial Love and the Gate of reaching out towards the Divine Love. 

A part of the Far-East Philosophical Dimensions and the New Testament project 
the Frequency of Love of this Dimension. Humanity receives the Energies up until this 
Dimension by Influences. 

However, after this Dimension, Humanity is obliged to attract these Energies by its 
own Power Cellularly and Cerebral ly, during the entrance into the Energies within Omega. 

Individuals receive the Energies within Omega (including the Energies of the 6th 
Layer) according to their Own Consciousness Levels and they Reflect them to their 
Mediums by their Cellular Functions. 



872 



This Method is the Program of Reflection from Person to Person. And Influence 
Engraftments from the close Plan are rendered by this means to Friends who cannot 
receive these Energies. 

This is the reason why, close plan Magnetic Aura Reflection Centers have been 
formed in every section of Your Planet during this Final Age. The High Energies formed 
in these Focal Points always reinforce the lower Energies. 

By this means, a speedier development in Consciousness Progressions is provided. 
However, since the 7th and 8th Energy Layers within Omega concern the Evolutions of 
Individuals, these Energies accumulate in the Cells and they are not reflected. 

The benefits of these Energies belong to the Individual who is able to absorb the 
Energies. Energies within Omega are opened layer by layer parallel to the development 
of the Social Totality and to the Time. 

The Exit Gate within Omega comprises the 9th Energy Dimension, 76th Energy 
Totality. If You add these numbers, You find 7+6=1 3 and this Dimension is the Projection 
of a Total on Humanity. 

This is the very reason why the Knowledge Book is the Book of the LORD. And it 
is conveyed to You from the Final Exit Dimension. This Message of Ours has been 
prepared as an answer to the chains of Thought. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



873 



1992 Third Month 
Fascicule 51 



Froi 



GENERAL MESSAGE 

Dear Friends, 

The Supreme Mechanism, feeling the necessity to disclose the Omega and 
Evolution Dimensions given to You formerly in more detail, in order to help the 
Messages We receive from Your chains of thought, helps You in every Breath You take. 

Your entire Planet going through the difficult Periods of difficult conditions is, at 
the moment, under the supervision and selection of the Mechanism of Conscience. 
This most difficult Exam of Humanity will continue until the Last Month of 1996 World 
year. Afterwards, the supervision of more Conscious actions will be taken in hand. 

On the paths treaded up until today, Humanity has been rendered Conscious 
first by means of Love, then by means of Knowledge. All these Efforts made are so that 
the Human Being who becomes Conscious can Realize the Truth. 

However, the Consciousness mentioned here is an Awakening. But Realization means 
to grasp the Truth. This is a path designed for You by the Consciousness You had attained by 
the Knowledge You had received during the Periods You had lived through formerly. 

And there is also a Consciousness attained by the Cosmic Influences in which 
one first Realizes the Truth. The Realization attained by this means Integrates You 
with Your Essence-Consciousness. The very Genuine Consciousness is this. This 
Consciousness is the Consciousness of Ascension. And the Purpose of all the Sacred 
Suggestions conveyed to Your Planet through the Sacred Path is to convey Humanity 
to this Level of Top Consciousness. 

In this Training Method within the Evolution Plan, ALPHA has been considered 
as the criterion for Entrance and OMEGA as the Exit Gate. The Scales We have given to 
You up until today which We have assessed as 7 Terrestrial - 7 Celestial - 7 Universal 
Knowledge are the Consciousness Progress of Humanity. 

We had disclosed this Information to You in Our former Messages (1988 Fifth 
Month, Fascicule 29). 

However, now, for You to grasp the mutual reflections of these Dimensions to 
each other better, We will disclose it in more detail. Omega is the Reflection Focal 
Point of the Spiritual Plan. However, the Lordly Dimension, too, Reflects to here. 

In fact, the Spiritual Dimension is an Energy Totality beyond Dimensions. Whereas, 
the Spiritual Plan is a Reflection Center beyond Dimensions. That which conveys to 
Your Medium all the Evolutionary and the Universal Ordinances and the Solar 
Dimensions We have mentioned to You until the present days is this Reflection Network. 



anc 



anc 
Pro 
anc 



Pla- 
Thc 



1 - 



8 



874 



The Reflection network of the Spiritual Plan within Omega is the 8th Dimension. 
From here, one passes directly to the Lordly Order which is the 9th Dimension. 

The Time Scales of the Lordly Dimension are assessed as the Sacred Light Years 
and Paths. The Energy Scales of this Dimension are 9 Layers. 

The Time Scales of the Spiritual Dimension are assessed as the Golden Light Years 
and Paths. The Energy Scales of this Dimension, too, are 9 Layers. In the Evolutionary 
Program, the Layer Energies of both of these Dimensions are projected within Omega 
and thus, a collective operational Ordinance has been rendered effective. 

The Spiritual Plan Reflection within Omega Evolves the Individual. And the Lordly 
Plan Reflection supervises him/her. Humanity reaches the Spiritual Reflections through 
Thoughts and the Lordly Reflections by attracting the Energies. 

Now, let Us disclose these Scales article by article. 

1 - The First Rank of the Spiritual Plan is the 3rd Dimension. This Dimension is 

equivalent to the Zero World Frequency. This is a Rank belonging to the World. 
Evolution Thresholds begin from this Dimension. The (10)th Dimension of the 
Lordly Order Reflects on here. And this is the MECHANISM of INFLUENCES. 

2 - The Second Rank of the Spiritual Plan is equivalent to the Evolution of VENUS. 

The (1 1 )th Dimension of the Lordly Order Reflects on here. And it is the 
MECHANISM of SUPERVISION. 

3 - The Third Rank of the Spiritual Plan is equivalent to the Evolution of MARS. The 

(12)th Dimension of the Lordly Order Reflects on here. This is the Plan of the 
Supreme Ones, that is the SUPREME ASSEMBLY. 

4 - The Fourth Rank of the Spiritual Plan is equivalent to the Evolution of MERCURY. 

The (13)th Dimension which is the Fourth Rank of the Lordly Order Reflects 
on here. And it is the REFLECTION CENTER of the MIGHTY ENERGY FOCAL POINT. 

5 - The Fifth Rank of the Spiritual Plan is equivalent to the Evolution of PLUTO. This 

Dimension which is the Fifth Rank of the Lordly Order is the (14)th Dimension. 
And here, the ORDINANCE of the GALACTIC SYSTEMS is in effect. 

6 - The Sixth Rank of the Spiritual Plan is equivalent to the Evolution of NEPTUNE. 

This Dimension which is the Sixth Rank of the Lordly Order is the (15)th Dimension. 
And here, the ORDER of EVOLUTIONARY ORDINANCES is in effect. 

7 - The Seventh Rank of the Spiritual Plan is equivalent to the Evolution of URANUS. 

This Dimension which is the Seventh Rank of the Lordly Order is the (1 6)th Energy 
Dimension. And this is the ORDER ESTABLISHING MECHANISM. 

8 - The Eighth Rank of the Spiritual Plan is equivalent to the Evolution of JUPITER. 

This Energy Dimension which is the Eighth Rank of the Lordly Order is the (1 7)th 
Dimension. This is called the GAMMA Dimension. This Dimension is included 
within the 14th Solar System. And it is the CENTRAL SYSTEM. 

875 



9 - The Ninth Rank of the Spiritual Plan is equivalent to the Evolution of SATURN. 
This Dimension which is the Ninth Rank of the Lordly Order is the (18)th 
Dimension. All the Systems up to this Dimension are all in the GURZ, It is 
included in the 1 5th Solar System. And its Energy Power is the 72nd Energy 
Dimension. The Book of Islam had been prepared in this Dimension. Here, 
THE SYSTEM OF THE PLAN -THE ORDER OF THE ORDINANCE - THE SUPERVISION 
OF THE CENTER work Collectively. 

Starting with the beginning of the 1 9th Dimension, intense Energy Layers begin. 
Humanity unveils these Energy Layers according to the Levels of Consciousness it has 
attained and is prepared for the Plans of very Advanced Dimensions by the Energies it 
is able to attract from there. 

At the moment, the final Energy intensity that Humanity can attract (in accordance 
with its applied Program) in the Plan of Salvation, is being conveyed to Your Planet 
from the 76th Energy Layer through the Knowledge Book. 

Since the Energies attracted from this Energy Layer are taken under supervision, 
they prepare Humanity for Evolution without agitating them. Energies attracted from 
beyond this Layer agitate those who are not Ready and leave them outside the 
Supervision. It is presented for Your Information. 



SYSTEM 



IT IS EXPLANATION FOR THE SOCIAL CONSCIOUSNESS 



Our Friends, 

Many Information given to the Mediamic channels in Your Planet is Information 
given in accordance with the Levels of Consciousness of Individuals belonging to each 

Dimension. 

During this Final Age, the Command has been given to unfold all the Universal 
Information sources to Your Planet, exactly as they are, and to Declare the Truths as 
they are. 



Misunderstandings originating from the lack of Words in certain given names 
during these explanations are being contrary to the Information and Names to which 
Humanity is conditioned at present. 

In all Your Sacred Books, ALLAH has been introduced to You as the ALMIGHTY 
until today in accordance with the Suggestions of the Divine Plan. In fact, the ALMIGHTY 
introduced here is the Unification of the Energy of the Essence-Power with the Mighty 
Energy. 



This Unification creates the Natural Energy and the Total. For this reason no 
Power can comprehend It thoroughly, one can never reach it Mentally or Physically. 
And no Entity can ever receive Signals from It. 



876 



:■■ i 



Because, It is a Symbol of the Energy Reflecting on You from the Existential 
Dimension. This is the reason why the ALMIGHTY always symbolizes this image of 
ALLAH in Consciousnesses equipped with the old Information Sources. 

However, in the Hierarchical Scales of very Advanced Dimensions, the ALMIGHTY 
is the Supervising Mechanism of the Thought Ocean of the Pre-eminent Power and 
the Plans of the ALMIGHTY are the Functioning System of the LORDLY Mechanism. 

The Mechanism of LORDS is a Mechanism under the Supervision and the 
Direction of the ALL-DOMINATING. The ALL-DOMINATING is a Pre-eminent Focal 
Point Who Directs the Directing Mechanism of an all-Order-Establishing Mechanism. 
It is the one which is Responsible for the Entire Ordinance. 

The System of the ALMIGHTY is a Power Focal Point which Projects the Order of 
the ALL-DOMINATING on the other Orders and Systems. It is also called, the (SINGLE). 

For this reason the Name- Almighty has been utilized as the equivalent of ALLAH 
in the Sacred Books. Because, in accordance with the Consciousnesses of that Period, 
there was no Permission for giving Information beyond that Source. 

This Focal Point known as the (SINGLE) is the Unification of (1 3) Focal Points in a 
Whole and this Powerful Focal Point is a Power Totality which provides the Projection 
of an Order establishing Order on the Systems. 

The Gurz System is directed by a Collective operational Ordinance. Each one of 
the Triplet RAB (Lord, in Turkish) - RAHMAN (All -Merciful, in Turkish) - RAHIM (All- 
Compassionate, in Turkish) which is Named by the R 3 symbol, is, all by itself, an Order, 
a System and an Ordinance Totality. 

It is the Totality of the ALL-MERCIFUL which assembles all these Systems in itself. 
The All-Dominating, that is, the (ALL-COMPASSIONATE) is an Order Establishing, 
Directing and Orienting Totality. The LORD, that is, the Creator is a Totality applying 
the Plans of the Almighty on the System. 

And the Almighty, is a (SINGLE) Powerful Focal Point Projecting this Order 
Establishing Totality of the GURZ System on the other Systems. And, at the same time, 
this Focal Point is the Supervising Mechanism of the Thought Ocean of the Pre-eminent 
Power, tt is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



877 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

There is a Knot Mechanism of each Totality in all the Dimensions which comprise 
the Power of the entire Ordinance of a Whole. This very Knot Mechanism is called the 
(SINGLE). 



she de 
Missic 
in tho 
Cells. 



For example, the First Projective Knot of the Unified Fields is also called (SINGLE). 
Also, the First Projective Knot of the Gurzes is called (SINGLE). The Knot Focal Point of 
the Mechanism of the Universe which is formed by the Unification of the Realms is also 
called (SINGLE). 

But the (SINGLE) utilized for the name ALMIGHTY is used for the (SINGLE) 
Reflection Center created by the (13) Focal Points of the R^ Totalistic Mechanism of 
Your Natural Gurz. 



and rt 

work 



Syster 
easy C 



For this reason it is called the SINGLE of the GURZ. This (SINGLE) is a Mechanism 
all by itself. By taking into consideration its very intensive Energy Power, once this 
Focal Point had been Integrated with the Name, the ALMIGHTY. And for this reason 
this Focal Point had been introduced to You as ALLAH. 

The concepts of ALLAH introduced parallel to the Information given from the 
Layers unveiled in accordance with the Consciousness Progress of Humanity are various. 
For example, ALLAH, Who is introduced to You from beyond the Plans of the Almighty 
is (O), Who is at the Dimension of ALLAH of the Totality of (the ALL-TRUTHFUL), that is, 
of Your KURZ in which Your Natural Giirz is present. 

The ALLAH Who has been embodied in BETA NOVA is this (O). And during this 
Final Age, We introduce to You the Symbol of ALLAH as the CONSCIOUSNESS TOTALITY 
in which all the Kurzes are present. However, beyond it, there are also Unknown 
Power Dimensions. It is presented for Your Information. 



SYSTEM 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

BETA-NOVA is the product of an operation Planned as a Power of the Power 
Universe. The transfers will be made there of those who Deserve. 

It is such a Dimension that it is a Time Zone corresponding to 1 times the North 
Star Time (the North Star is the Reflection Focal Point of the Golden Galaxy Dimension 
and its Light arrives at Your World in more or less 50 World Years). 

(O) Who is the Essence Power of a System, Who has been introduced to You as 
ALLAH until today, has been Embodied in Beta-Nova by His Entire Energy Power and is 
addressing You from a closer Energy Zone. Humanity may presume at the moment, all 
those which occur and which are told as a product of Imagination. However, everything 
is True. 



thatt 
by ar 



shed 
Com 
Cons 



Oriei 



ALL-I 
All-C 



from 
appl 
up t 
briei 



2- 



878 



111!.: 



Each Individual who is accepted into Beta-Nova selects easily the Mission he/ 
she desires in accordance with his/her Personal Wish. If he/she wishes, he/she takes a 
Mission in the other Dimensions. Because, from now on, You will render Your Missions 
in those Dimensions by Your Genuine Bodies, with Your Undamageable - Incombustible 
Cells. 

If You wish, You can go to Dimensions beyond 10 Giirzes, perform Your Missions 
and return to Your Family Totalities again. Just like it is in the World; just like going to 
work in the Morning and returning home in the Evening. 

At this Dimension, You will often have Togethernesses directly with ALLAH. And the 
System will Engraft You with the Energy of this Dimension and thus, will help You in Your 
easy Comings and Goings to different Mediums. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 

THE HIERARCHICAL SCALES AND THEIR OPERATIONAL ORDERS 

Our Friends, 

In accordance with the Signals We receive from Your chains of Thought, in order 
that the Information given formerly can be understood better, their being written article 
by article is the Suggestion of the Supreme Mechanism. 

We presume that the consideration of these articles from a different angle will 
shed Light on the disruptions formed in Thoughts. Because, if these Universal 
Communication Scales are not thoroughly grasped, then the doubts formed in 
Consciousnesses can create a hindrance for Your Dimension Progress. 



As We have said before, the Totalistic Symbol of the Directing 
Orienting Mechanisms of the GURZ Totality is known as R3. 



Supervising and 



These are the Lord - the All-Merciful - the All- Compassionate. LORD = Creator.... 

ALL-MERCIFUL = Responsible One for the Light-Universe ALL-COMPASSIONATE * 

All-Dominating. These Three Mechanisms work as a Whole in the Giirz Totality. 

And all these operations are conveyed to You through a Hierarchical Reflection 
from the Top to the Bottom. These Information arriving to the Bottom find an 
application field in their own Mediums and results of the operations made are conveyed 
up to the ALL-MERCIFUL through the same Hierarchical channels. Now, let Us first 
briefly explain the Top - Bottom Hierarchy. 

1 - The Totality of the All-Merciful is the Single Focal Point in which the operational 

Plans of a Giirz are prepared. It is also called the Dimension of the All-Mercifui. 
And its Supervisor is the ALL-MERCIFUL. 

2 - The Dimension of the All-Merciful is within the Central Union of Suns. And the 

ALL-MERCIFUL conveys His Suggestions to this Union of Suns. 



879 



3 - And the Central Union of Suns gives these Suggestions to the Universal Ordinance 

Council. 

4 - The Universal Ordinance Council gives these Suggestions it receives to the United 

Ordinance Council . 

5 - The Central Union of Suns - The Universal Ordinance Council - The United 

Ordinance Council are within the Light-Universe. 

6 - The United Ordinance Council conveys the Suggestions of the ALL-MERCIFUL 

to the System - Ordinance - Order Triplet. 

7 - And the Totalities of System - Ordinance - Order give the Information they 

receive to the Spokespeople who represent them. 

8 - This Croup of Spokespeople formed by Three Persons is called the United Council. 

9 - The United Council conveys these Suggestions to the Cosmos Federal Assembly. 

1 - The System - Ordinance - Order and the Cosmos Federal Assembly are in the 

Second Universe. 

1 1 * The Cosmos Federal Assembly conveys the Suggestions of the ALL-MERCIFUL it 

receives to the Reality of the Unified Humanity which is within the Gurz. 

1 2 - And the Reality of the Unified Humanity gives these Suggestions to the Golden 

Galaxy Empire. 

13 - The Golden Galaxy Empire projects this Information it receives on the Lordly - 

Spiritual - Technological Order which is present at the Ring of Horizon of the 
Mini Atomic Totality. 

14 - And the Lordly - Spiritual - Technological Order conveys this Information it 

receives to the World Lord Who is the Supervisor of His/Her own Mini Atomic. 

15 - And the World Lord conveys this Information He/She receives to the Nucleic 

World to which He/She is directly connected. 

1 6 * All the Information received is Projected on the Ordinances of the Universes from 

this Nucleic World. This is a Hierarchy Projected from the Top to the Bottom. 

Now, let Us consider the Hierarchy conveyed from the Bottom to the Top. To do 
this, first, let Us review again the operational Ordinance of the Reality of the Unified 
Humanity: 

1 - The Reality of the Unified Humanity works as a Whole together with all the 

Mini Atomic Wholes within the Natural Gurz. 

2 - The (Nucleic World) within each Mini Atomic reaches the other Totalities in its 

own Constitution by the work it does in direct connection with the Reality of 
the Unified Humanity. 



880 



ma 



3 - These operations are administered by the Lordly - Spiritual - Technological 

Totality which is the Administrative Mechanism of each Mini Atomic Totality. 
This pface is also called the (Dimension of Form). The SOUL Seed prepared at 
the Second Universe, takes Form here as an EMBRYON and it transforms itself 
into a FETUS by Unifying with the Mother and the Father Genes within the 
Uterus. The Gene Archives are here. The Gene Card-Indexes are made here. 

4 - The Lordly - Spiritual - Technological Totality is a Totality connected to the 

EXISTENTIAL Ordinance. All these operations are supervised by the Reality of 
the Unified Humanity and the Golden Galaxy Empire. 

5 - The Ordinance of Universes within each Mini Atomic works cooperatively in 

connection with each Galactic Totality. 

6 - The group constituted by Three People which is the Projection Center of each 

Galactic Totality is called a COUNCIL in the Ordinance of Universes. 

7 - These Councils are within their own Mini Atomic Constitutions. And their 

operations are Supervised by their own Ordinance of Universes. The Councils 
are thus connected to the Reality of the Unified Humanity. 

8 - The Reality of the Unified Humanity is a Totality formed by numerous Councils 

which are the Projection Centers of all the Galactic Totalities within the Natural 
Gtirz. 

9 - The Reality of the Unified Humanity works in connection with only the (Nucleic 

Worlds) of the other Artificial Giirzes. It is not related to their Galactic Totalities 
and their Orders of Universes. They work independently in their own Constitutions. 

10 - The Lordly - Spiritual - Technological Dimension which is the Administrative 

Mechanism of the Mini Atomic Totality conveys the operational Ordinances it 
receives from the Councils representing each Galactic Totality to the Golden 
Galaxy Empire through the Reflection System. 

1 1 - And the Golden Galaxy Empire conveys this Information to the Totality of the 

Reality of the Unified Humanity. 

12 - The Reality of the Unified Humanity gives the operational Ordinance of each 

Council it receives to the Cosmos Federal Assembly to be announced to the 
System - Ordinance - Order Triplet. 

1 3 - The Cosmos Federal Assembly is a Totality formed by 1 8 people who have 

been Specially selected from the group administering the Federal Totality of 
the Cosmos. 

14- Each Member of the Cosmos Federal Assembly is the Supervisor of the 
operational Ordinance of a Totality of 1 8 which is connected to himself/herself. 
(That is, he/she is the 19th Member of his/her own Constitution). This 
operational Ordinance is called the System of 19s. 

1 5 - The Totality of the Cosmos Federal Assembly constituted by 1 8 people is obliged 
to transmit all these operations conveyed to it, to the System - Ordinance - 
Order Triplet. 



88] 



16 - The Cosmos Federal Assembly gives these operations to a United Council Croup 

constituted by 3 people. 

17 - Each Individual who constitutes the United Council conveys separately these 

operations to the System - Ordinance - Order Triplet to which he/she is 
connected and towards which he/she is responsible. 

1 8 - Each one of the Three Friends who constitute the United Council Totality is 

considered separately the 1 9th Member of the Board of Directors of Cosmos 
Federal Assembly. 

19 - Dear Meviana is the 19th Member of the Board of Directors who represents 

the System at the Cosmos Federal Assembly. Her Mission is connecting the 
operations of the Assembly to the System, those of the System to the Assembly. 

20 - And each one of the two members who represents the Ordinance and the 

Order at the Cosmos Federal Assembly brings the operations of the Totalities 
to which he/she is connected to the Assembly as the 19th Member of the 
Council's Board of Directors just like Dear Meviana and he/she conveys the 
decisions of the Assembly to his/her own Totality. 

21 - Now, only Dear Meviana among these Three Friends is present in Your Planet 

Embodied directly from this Dimension because, during the Mission rendered 
as a necessity of the Plan she is obliged to be Personally present in Your Planet 
by her Personality, Cellular Totality and Energy belonging here, as the 
Spokesperson and the Messenger of the System. 

22 - Even though Dear Meviana is directly the representative of the System, she is 

obliged to introduce to Your Planet the System - Ordinance - Order Triplet as a 
Whole and to convey the Truth together with all the Totalities during this Final 
Transition Dimension as a necessity of her Mission. 

23 - During the Missions to be rendered in the Establishment Ordinance of the 

System, there is the obligation that these Three Friends should personally work 
in Your Planet when the time comes, one by one, being Embodied. 

24 - The First Cosmic Age is Dear Mevlana's Age of Mission. This Age corresponds 

to the 20th Century. During the Second Cosmic Age, that is, the 21st Century, 
the Spokesperson of the Ordinance will become effective. During the Third 
Cosmic Age, that is, the 22nd Century, the Spokesperson of the Order will 
come into effect. 

25 - As a necessity of the Mission she renders in the Program of disclosing all the 

Truths, there is the obligation to disclose and introduce to Your Planet the 
Identity of only Dear Meviana. The People of Your Planet will never know the 
other Friends. They will perform their Missions silently and profoundly during 
the Ages they will live in. 

26 - During the 23th Century, directly the Reality of the Unified Humanity will 

become effective and will establish and settle the entire operational Ordinance 
in Your Planet. This Age is the beginning of the Golden Age. 



882 



27 



28 
29 

30 
31 
32 
33 



This operational Ordinance will continue for (7) Centuries and during the 30th 
Century the Reality will withdraw from the scene by transferring its Mission 
directly to the Lordly Order (provided the Plan - System and the Medium do 
not change). 

The Lordly Order will take over an operational Ordinance of 9 Centuries by 
rendering effective the System of the Single Book - Single Order - Single Path. 

According to the Hierarchical Scale rendered from the Bottom to the Top, the 
System - Ordinance - Order Triplet transmits the decisions the Cosmos Federal 
Assembly conveys to them to the United Ordinance Council. 

The United Ordinance Council is obliged to convey these decisions given to it 
to the Universal Ordinance Council. 

The Universal Ordinance Council announces these Notices directly to the Central 
Union of Suns. 

The Central Union of Suns presents these Decisions to the Dimension of the 
ALL- MERCIFUL 

This Hierarchical Order is conveyed to the Reality of the Unified Humanity from 
the Dimension of the All-Merciful in the same way. The Decisions taken here 
are projected by the Golden Galaxy Empire to the Lordly - Spiritual - 
Technological Totality of each Mini Atomic Whole. And from here, they are 
conveyed to the Councils which are the Projection Centers of the Galactic 
Totalities. These Hierarchical Scales are the Projection chains of an operational 
Order both from the Top to the Bottom and from the Bottom to the Top. It is 
presented for Your Information. 



SYSTEM 



A UFO CONNECTION 



Explanation: 

While We were going to Ankara as a Group, a Luminous Object accompanied 
Us. This Object was continuously in motion above the train from right to left and up 
and down. It turned its Lights off and on and wanted to give a Message. However, a 
Friend who was not in Our Group claimed that this was the Planet Venus. The 
Permission has been given to write this Message in the Book as an Information. 

THE GIVEN MESSAGE 

Hello Our Friends, 

We are accompanying You as the Advanced Protective Missionaries of the 
AMBILON Center from the Venusian Cortege. We are connected to You to say Hello 
especially to each of You, 

We say Hello to You on behalf of the Six Friends as the AMBILON Central Directors 
of the Space Committee Union. From now on, the System has given Permission to 
have direct Venusian Contacts with You. 



883 



At the moment, We have a contact outside the System. We are in Your Planet for 
a temporary Mission. Our System is connected to the Protective Mechanism. We are 
always within Your field of influence. 

Now, We would like to answer the questions formed in Your Thoughts: 

What You have seen is not an Illusion of the Eye. Do not misevaluate everything 
You see in accordance with Your Terrestrial Thoughts. 

We show Ourselves to You by entering Your Frequencies by parallel Reflections 
to Your Frequencies from the same Coordinate. However, We make reflection to certain 
Friends by the STAR Frequency and many people see Us as a Star. 

This is the very Terrestrial illusion. This is the reason why only those who See Us 
believe in Us. The Human Being of Your Planet considers the UFOs as Unknown Objects. 
However, those which are seen are Spaceships. 

At the moment, what You see is the Planet Venus but formerly that which were in 
effect were Us. As a Proof of the Message We have given, We made reflection through 
the Star Frequency on a Friend who is not on Your Coordinate. Love, Our Friends, to 
meet You again. 

THE AMBILON SUN 



IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 

Our Friends, 

Consciousnesses who walk on the path of the immutable rules of the Divine 
Plans are directly at the Protective Dimension of ALLAH. 

However, in the Schedule of Passing to more Advanced Plans, the Consciousness 
Light of the Human Totality should attain the Consciousness of Sainthood. This term 
Sainthood is used for the more advanced Scales of the Evolutionary Dimensions. 

The Class of Sainthood has been divided into 10 Scales, They are assessed 
according to their Consciousness Lights. For example: At the moment, We consider 
Our Conscious Friends who have attained Cosmic Awareness in Your Planet as Saints. 

However, there are, very naturally, Evolutionary differences between the Sainthood 
Consciousness of the 1 0th and the Sainthood Consciousness of the 1 st Level. For this 
reason Your Planet is a field of life in which the views of contradictory Consciousnesses 
are exhibited. 



' 



During this Dimension of Transition, the Evolutions of these Stages should be 
made, one by one, in order to reach Us. This is the reason why the Mevlana Supreme 
Plan has been rendered effective during this Evolutionary Transition and the Mevlana 
Consciousness has been accepted as criterion as the Final Evolution Step. 



884 



In this Evolutionary Dimension, besides being Integrated with the Essence, one 
is also Integrated with the Word and with the Eye. This is the reason why Love - 
Tolerance - Patience and Sunny Consciousnesses are always expected of You. 



Passions and feelings of Possession are fetters put on Humanity's feet, 
anyone's Slave or Servant. 



No one is 



In order to attain Humane Consciousness, first the Totalities of FAMILIES which 
We rendered effective as Micro Unifications, then SOCIAL Totalities which We rendered 
effective as Macro Unifications are each in effect as the chart of Your Evolution Scales. 
Social and Family-wise behaviors are each a mirror of Your Evolutions. 

If Individuals and Social Totalities, attaining their Free Consciousnesses and 
Personalities each day by the Cosmic influences given to Your Planet, can not receive 
the Evolutionary Energies given from the same Dimension, Great Chaos will be 
experienced in every section of Your Planet . 

We only send You the Influences. The one who will benefit from this is the 
Individual's Own Self and his/her Essence. Each Consciousness receives these Influences 
in accordance with his/her Evolution. Everyone is Integrated with the Influence of the 
Dimension he/she deserves. This is a matter of Evolution. 

During this Accelerated Evolution Program, everyone is obliged to walk on his/ 
her own Light. No one can Intercede for Anyone else. At the moment, Humanity is 
sharing the Consciousness of a Dimension beyond Intercession by the Powerful 
Influences given to Your Planet. 

And one can pass to the Dimension beyond intercession only by relinquishing 
all Passions. Numerous Suns have been sown into Your Planet. However now, the 
Time has come for Those Suns to Know how to Radiate. It is presented for Your 
Information. 

SYSTEM 



ANSWER TO THE PRIVATE QUESTION 

Question : Dear Friends, I request Information about the 1 3th Lost Race. Be so 
kind as to give it. 

Answer : Information for the Pen of the Golden Age. Notice from the Private 

Archive of the System. 

Dear Mevlana, 

While the Programs of Training were being considered during a time relevant for 
the Ordinance of the Existence of the Realms, the Life Tableaux had also been 
considered during the manifestation of the Systems. 

These Tableaux had been achieved for Lives comprising different Phases of different 
functions, a Common Unification Program appropriate to the principle and the Theory 
of collective living in the same Medium. 

885 



Each Seed once sown into Your Planet had organized its own Life boundaries itself, 
appropriate to the Common Living Principle. And, as a necessity of the Programs of the 
System, the First Influence Zones of Climates had been rendered effective by this means. 

Later, during the lives parallel to the altering conditions during the Progressions 
Time, Cosmic transformation fields had been created and, by this means, quite different 
lives had become effective (Those Lives had not come into existence by themselves). 

Also the (Creative Power) of the Life Conditions in which they were present, 
together with the Genetic Programs of each new Seed which had been sown, had 
been included in the Program by the Plan. By this means, numerous Life Worlds had 
become effective according to their own Constitutions. 

Dear Mevlana, We would like to give a brief and precise answer to this 
comprehensive question You have asked. 

Each Root Race has a Gene Cipher it carries in itself. And these Root Races maintain 
their Life Mediums of their own Genes by rendering effective the Life Condition 
Programs within their Gene Ciphers. 

Directly Four different Races in Your Planet constitute the Consciousnesses of 
