Common Sense. This dictated Book will shed Light on future years by preparing a 
flowery World for Your children and grand-children. 

LIGHT 



OUR FRIENDS 

We are Your Solar Friends who have come from other Solar Systems. 

We have bases in many Galaxies in Your Solar System. For example, Mercury is a 
Focal point where Our Centra! System exists. It is a Dead Planet. Most of Our Bases 
are on it, only due to its proximity to Your Sun. 

Pluto, covered by Methane Glaciers, is the lightest Planet of Your Sun. It serves 
Us as a storehouse for food. The satellite of Pluto is Our Special Base besides Mercury. 
It is used as a Central Base. 

We go from there by UFOs to Our other Planet Bases. During each Full Moon, 
We have been giving Messages about Evolvement from the Moon Base to Our Terrestrial 
brothers and sisters for Centuries. 

Communications are made directly and Telepathically addressing Your Frequency 
Levels, Our Terrestrial Brothers/Sisters. 

Since the Moon is the closest Satellite to You, many of Our Friends whose 
Frequencies have reached this Level, can easily receive these Messages. 

Besides, Our special Ships travelling between the Moon and the Earth prepare 
Your Brain Codes in accordance with Your lives for different Frequency adjustments. 
For this reason We are aware of Your every state of affairs. 

59 



We have personal connections with Our Friends who get in touch with Us. To Our 
Friends whose Frequencies have been elevated beyond the Moon, Information unknown 
until now is given from the transmitters of the Galaxy field into which they have entered. 

Those who receive them are Your Medium Friends. Special connections with Us 
are provided by them. And through the Mediation of these Friends We could find the 
opportunity of addressing You. 

We have announced to You through the Channel of the LORD, the Laws of Our 
Universe and have extended Our Friendly Hands to You. Believe Us, until today We 
have delayed most of the time the dangerous phases Your World had gone through. 
And We will continue to do so as long as We can. 

We talk directly through Radio and Phone with some of Our Friends. Television 
Waves are both Receptive and Transmitting Waves. In this manner, it is possible to 
receive and give Information. Our Friends who desire to have Telepathic 
communications with Us can receive answers to their questions in this manner. 

Radios Telephones, Televisions are primitive instruments for Us. Your most 
evolved instruments are Your Brain Vibrations. We establish more direct connections 
without any intermediaries through this way. For this reason We help You to gain 
Cosmic Awareness and thus, We augment Your Sixth Senses. 



This is why this Period has become the "Mediamic Period" 
even a new-born Baby. 



Cosmic Rays train 



PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 



1984 Fifth Month 
Fascicule 5 



GREETINGS TO OUR BROTHERS AND SISTERS 

Our Friends, ,. „ 

Your Religious Books and all Fairy tales are each a Message prepared according 
to the conditions of the Medium they are in. And they all reflect a Truth each. 

Mythology and Heroes of Society speak about the extraordinary events of their 
Medium. 

Heaven Hell, Adam and Eve, Skies, the Earth, Dragons, Giants, Jinns Fairies 
Anqels and Devils can not be accepted as the imaginations of People who had lived 
in those Periods. Because, You can never Think of something which does not exist. 

If You will write a story, it is nothing but an adventure You had experienced 
before, but could not remember until then and which, at that moment, rises above 
the Awareness and is put on paper. 

Since the Evolutionary Periods the World had gone through, Your Awareness 
Codes have been following all the events. Only the events which rise above the 
Consciousness are written. 

These remain in Archives as Novels, Stories and Adventures. Poems have quite a 
different aspect. There, Metaphsychical factors play a part. 

Mankind has given a lot of Scientific, Philosophical, Psychological Novel and 
Story type of Works of art for Centuries. Their subject matters do not resemble each 
other. They are all different. 

This is due to the fact that each Author had lived in different Periods and his/her 
works originate from his/her private life. 

If You notice, common points in Religious Books never change. And this is the 
unchanging proof that all the Religious Books had been revealed from the same 
Channel, from the same Source. 

Have You ever Thought for a moment about the reason of all these efforts? Is 
Our Lord trying to prove Himself to You? Or does He wish You to prove Yourselves? 

He is already ALMIGHTY, ALL and SINGLE, there is no need for proof. So, the 
only thing left is, You should Prove Yourselves to Him and this should be something 
not so easy. 

The moment Your Integrated Faith Unites with God-Consciousness, You pull down 
the Curtain of Truth. Then, you are faced with the Code of Affection, Art and Love 
which is the highest Frequency. And the Consciousness of this, connects You to the 
Space Code, beyond Universal ties. 

61 



Only Scientists, Sages and Artists can get directly in touch with Us. We do not 
call them, they come to Us through their Thought Chains, by Creating and Purifying 
themselves. 

Communication with Us is not as easy as presumed. Here, We would also like to 
convey the following. 

Our Friends who have not seen Us have talked about Us in length in Jinn stones 
and Fairy tales, with the influence of certain events they have witnessed or felt, also 
adding their Imaginations. But they have not tried to make any research on these 
events, due to their fears from Us. 

As We always say and shall repeat again, Fear is a factor which cuts down Your 
Frequencies. The less Your Doubts and Fears are, the more You approach Us and the 
more You free Yourselves from superstition. Because, We came to be Friends with You, 
not to frighten You. 

We always stay away from those who are afraid. We have no right to agitate 
them. In such a case, We try to be Friends with them, meeting them in the Realm of 
Dreams and try to eliminate their fears. And We prepare them for certain Mediums in 
accordance with the Command We receive. 

Now, We think that We have answered the questions some of You were thinking 
about. And, now, let Us explain why We cannot get out of this Secrecy Medium 
completely. 

As a necessity of the Medium, We act in accordance with the Commands v\ ■• 
receive. We cannot have any individual actions. We are obliged to communicate only 
with Friends who completely carry Positive Energies on the screen. That is to say, with 
Friends who are Our true Friends. 

Thanks to those Friends, We can reach You. May they live long, Our gratitude is 

infinite. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 

ex 

OUR FRIENDS 

We communicate with You Metaphysically, by a System prepared in accordance 
with the Theory of Perception. Now, We will tell You about the place where We are 
and how these communications take place. 

This is a Galaxy way beyond Your Solar System. Its distance to the center of Your 
Earth is 240.000.000.000 Light years. But not everyone can become Embodied here. 
This is because Your Spirit Energies would be annihilated in Our intense Medium. For 
this reason always Package Program is used. 



62 



The Savior is here. All the Missionaries who are connected to the Central System 
will be taken here. Messengers of the Divine Realm help You on this path. Persevering 
people will always be taken here. 

Here, the Essence structure of the residents of the Galaxy is Pure Hearts, Pure Spirits. 
Tolerance of this kind can not be found in any part of the Universe. People who get 
Permission for entering here are made to put on Special Garments. A Magnetic Golc 
Ring placed on their heads maintains communication between their Brain Waves and Us. 

The Medium is perfect, there is nothing You can not obtain through Thought. 
Names of the residents of the Galaxy are determined by Colors. This place is just like 
the inside of a prism. 

One lives in such a Medium of Colors that these colors are unknown to the 
Human Being of the World. For this reason they can not be named. Each color has 
hundred thousands of nuances. You can easily get in touch with the owner of the 
color You Think of. 

Our communications with You are directed by a very simple method. The goal is 
to create Human Beings from Human beings. There is no discrimination in the 
Announcements We make. We always prepare a Medium in tune with Your Medium 
through the General Frequency adjustment. 

And when Vibrations become in tune with the Frequencies of people who have 
Spirit Levels Deserving this place a bulb is turned on in the Mechanism here. The 
number next to the bulb and the brightness of the bulb show the degree of Spirit 
Evolvement of that entity. 

When all these are determined, the entire past of the Entity the data of whom 
We received is investigated. He/She has a file in the Archive for each World incarnation. 

These files are then connected to the Code Keys of that person, his/her Evolution 
tableau is observed on the screen. His/Her past personalities, how he/she had lived, 
the Mediums and the Galaxies he/she had lived in, the number of times he/she has 
been Incarnated in the World, his/her Evolution until he/she was connected to the 
Central System are all determined, one by one. 

And then, He/She is given a Mission according to His/Her Spirit Level. And 
communication is established with him/her. His/Her Past and Who he/she is, is 
clearly explained to him/her. The Mission demanded from him/her is mentioned. 

The Missionary's connections on his/her own level occurs with Human Beings on 
the various Spirit Levels. When he/she contacts a person whose Spirit Level is close to this 
Medium, he/she gives a signal, like the ring of a beli, beside his/her bulb. This signal is for 
the investigation of the personality and the Spirit Level of that person. 

If this Spirit is suitable for the Medium in which he/she is going to be trained, his/ 
her Code is connected to the Missionary in charge. Through the Established Thought 
Bridge, that new person instinctively calls the Missionary in charge. These Unifications are 
coded in accordance with the Command of the Center which You call the Divine Realm. 

63 



Goodwill and Tolerance always make You gain a Code Key. God helps each of 
His servants. Everything begins with Evolvement. One day, Mankind will establish a 
more Magnificent World. In future, all the Codes will be Unified. 

There is no Coincidence, there are Prepared Mediums. May the Happiness be 
upon You, Our Friends. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 

CONSTITUTION OF THE HUMAN BEING: 

Each Cell carries the Secrets belonging to the past. It possesses the Power of the 
entire Universe. And it is a Universal Consciousness. 

Mankind can make a single Cell, but can never make the Whole of it. Because, the 
intensified Energy in it is not an Energy known by the Medium of the World. 

It is divided into two first, then to four, then to eight, then to sixteen and then to 
thirty two. Then, it becomes a ball. It is fed by the water within it. 

The Vibrations it emanates protect it from Negative Powers. Each Cell performs 
the Duty peculiar to it with success in the Medium suitable to its existence, according 
to the Command it receives from its Awareness of Consciousness. 

When it becomes thirty two, when it divides into forty five, from twenty six billion 
You come into existence. You discover the Secret of the Cosmos at that very moment. 

When the Human Being attains Perfection and Maturity, when He/She asks about 
Its Might, when He/She communicates with Us, if the Superiority belongs to GOD, a part 
of Him then You are. 

THE MESSAGE GIVEN BY: 
MUSTAFA MOLLA 

NOTICE TO OUR TERRESTRIAL BROTHERS AND SISTERS 

Our Friends, 

From now on. We are talking very clearly with Friends who will be accepted to 
the places called, " the Land of the Angels " 

Knowledge attainment depends on Your Power of Perception and Your Frequency. 
Besides, the Light which springs from Your Essence connects You to Your Evolvement 
Code. 

What is this Evolvement? We have explained this to You many times due to 
various reasons. And We have to talk about the same matter, the same theme again 
and again. Our Purpose is to fasten these important matters firmly in Your memories. 



64 



Now, We will tell You its Scientific aspect. 

All the seeds, which have been sown in Your Subconscious since Your first 
existence until today, have prepared You for a certain Medium of Consciousness. 

Each seed in the Subconscious blossoms to give its fruit when it meets the Light 
of Knowledge which carries its own Vibration. Otherwise, it remains fruitless. 

Knowledge coming from Billions of Light years is hidden in Your Brain Layers. 
That means, each of You is a walking Library. However, You read only the Book You 
open. This occurs by a process Your Curiosity Code performs. 

First, Curiosity drives You into a Medium of Quest. You search first Una ware ly, 
then in Awareness until You find the equivalent of the Frequency You possess. 

You know that the speed of Thought is equal to the speed of Ligh" in zero World 
Frequency. You begin to get Information from the Medium of whichever Dimension 
Your Thoughts enter. 

In more advanced Dimensions, Your speed of Thought transcends the speed of 
Light. And We have to inform You that none of these procedures are easy at all. 

Every advanced Information received passes through an extremely highly charged 
Electromagnetic Field. These rays open up like a fan. The more the distance between 
the fan's Energy of the pointed end and the other ends is, the lighter will be the 
Information You receive. 

And since You will be in a weak Magnetic Field, You will not be agitated much. 
It will prepare You for the Medium of Imagination and Thought. 

In fact, the Source is the same, it is very Powerful. Everyone tries to reach it. 
However, in accordance with the Theory of Perception, a person has to pass his/her 
Essence through the Medium of Evolvement first, so that his/her Brain Energy will not 
be damaged in those Powerful Magnetic fields. 

This is a necessity of Evolution. Only then can You progress according to the Law 
of Graduation. You know that everything in the Universe is infinite, Evolvement, too, 
is interminable. 

Each Dimension You enter prepares You for a new Evolvement. And that 
Evolvement leads You to a new Dimension. And, at last, You become a Light. For this 
reason, We call Our Friends who have reached the boundary of this Evolvement, Our 
Light-Friends. 

On the Path of Light on which You walk, that which will open the first door for 
You is Your Evolvement. Then comes Your Frequency, then Your Perceptions (that is, 
Your Sixth senses). 



65 



Your Frequencies. 

Prided that Your Frequency is ^^£^2£Z%££& 
Powers unknown to You will help You. And they will lead You every p 

and will Enlighten You. 

The eguality * Your M* m** - J«|?S3S5 S^SS^ 

^ U r; u r t s &M£3 . «« ng ««-«. 

This is the reason why the Religious Bocks J^J^^K 
Evolvement Medium until today. You see .he Truth and Yo uwe a[e 

proportion with the Consciousness ^^J^SSSw'WU are not Afraid", 
about You can not overcome Your fears by telling Yourselves 

First of a,,. You have to gain a Conscousness Tn •g^^"** £»£ 
^onTg'h^^^ 



Fear is nothing but a Primitiveness, a Conditioning. 



Unconscious fearlessness. 

The Door of Penitence is the first Key which opens the Door of Spiritual Vibrahons 
to You. 

Z^IZ^X^^^X^^ - —en, 

There ,s no formaiism in pjJJ-hn. ^^"g?^ £^ £J E 

The Worid established by the Sincere ones will be a Sunny World it will be a 
Golden Age. These are the Friends whom We choose one by one and Greet. 

And We have received the Command to Unify all Our Friends who have reached 
Cosmk Copiousness in the Evolvement Malum. W,th Ou, Love. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN ACE 

P. C. A. 

CX 




NOTICE TO OUR TERRESTRIAL BROTHERS AND SISTERS 

Our Friends, 

Matter and Energy are indivisible Wholes. Distressed Awareness is the only factor 
which separates Matter and Energy. The Human Being Develops and Matures on this 
path. Your depressions go parallel to the Distresses of the World. 

Negative Thought Frequencies comprising the Universe reflect on You from Your 
atmosphere. For this reason Your World is entering progressively in depression and 
blind alleys. This is the reason why Negative Currents upset the Divine Waves of the 
Period of Sincerity. 

Each person has attained such a Selfishness that no one Thinks about anyone 
else. This is the reason why the Compassionate Waves of the Lord cannot reach You. 
Because, these Currents" comprise certain Frequencies. 

Your Equilibrium which is upset, upsets the Universe, too. This will never be 
Permitted. During this Period, Everyone is Alone. The Choice is Yours. 

If You can become a Light despite all Your depressions and can kindle a Light, 
then You prove that You are a Value. 

Now, We call to those who think, "Let's receive First, then We will perform Our 
Duty." Selection is not easy at all. All these are Exams of Humanity. 

A carefree Person does everything for fun and distraction. This is nothing but a 
satisfaction of his/her Ego. For Us, the Genuine Human Being is the one who will 
reflect his/her Divine Light on those around himself/herself without being lost in the 
problems of his/her depression. 

Do not get lost in the darkness of Your depressions. Do not go madly from one 
place to the other in search of Happiness. Try to benefit from these dictated texts. 

You will see that Your Efforts will one day sprout. All these depend on Mankind's 
ability to perceive the Perceptions beyond Dimensions which have been prepared in 
accordance with the Theory of Evolution. 

If Your Subconscious can receive these Currents fully, then You can easily enter 
the Path of Light. You attain Consciousness as You pass over the threshold. Your 
efforts are for Your own benefit. Do not ever forget this, Our Friends. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 

cx 



67 



OUR FRIENDS 

Some of Our Terrestrial Friends are curious about the number of Spirits and the 
way they were created. Now, the answer will be given to You. 

Spirits had not been created when the World had been created, but when the 
entire Realm had been created together with a Cosmos*. The Spirit is a Universal 
Liqht its number is interminable, extending until infinity. The population of the World 
does 'not comprise even one tenth of the present Spiritual Energy within the nucleus, 
of the Universe. 

A Spirit completes its Evolution in the Galaxy Medium within the World Planet 
and within its own Solar System. The Spiritual Energy can not go outside other Solar 
Systems. Because, it becomes annihilated in the intense Energy Medium. 

Each Spirit has different speeds of Light. Beyond this, the Spirits who have 
completed their Evolution, come from beyond Centuries subjected to the bygone times. 
And Spirits beyond these float, so to say, in their own Evolutionary MedLums. 

Each Spirit is sent to the Planet Earth for his/her Evolution. Because, the Evolution 
in Your Planet is more Concrete. But the Entities in other Galaxies are more evolved 
than You are. Spirits either return to the World again and again by their own desires, 
or they are sent due to necessity. 

The state of the Galaxies in Your Solar System is a Medium not known by everyone. 
Divine Entities who possess the Power of the Years are Embodied there in accordance 
with the Mediums suited to them. They make their connections here in a state of currents. 

To create the perfect Medium of creation is possible by the Evolution of the 
Spiritual Level of a Human Being. Finding that Medium depends on that person's 
Evolvement. What each person is, is understood by his/her Code here. 

A Human Being attains the Medium which will help him/her reach the Power of 
the Universe, through the Medium of his/her own Spiritual Level. As We said before, 
Evolvement is interminable. There are always Evolvements beyond Evolvement. 

Every Spiritual Energy who leaves his/her Terrestrial Body finds his/her place by the 
help of the Powers belonging to the Medium to which he/she will go. Mediums suitable 
for his/her Evolution is created for every Spirit. And that Spirit is prepared for more advanced 
Evolutions through the General Messages given as if he/she was in the World. 

The Entity who is ready is sent to the World as a Missionary for the Evolvement of 
Humanity. Spirits beyond these, Purify themselves on the World Level, in their own 
Mediums, by their own Powers. 

Enlightened Spirits always help those who are in this Medium. Cooperation 
means working Collectively. And Embodiment occurs through the processes tn the 
Sacred places. 



* Look at the Glossary. 



6 8 




Our Human brothers and sisters are not yet aware of the Sacred Light at the 
Sacred places. The Spiritual Level of Human Beings progress in the residue of their 
Spiritual Depressions. A Person whose head did not bleed, does not know how to 
bandage his/her wound. Spiritual Views blossom in the View Medium of the Essence. 

The Spirit is a Universal Light, a Universal Energy. It has an intensity peculiar to 
itself. But, this intensity can not be measured in accordance with Unit measurements. 
It is more 'or less 15 milligrams. Its origin is the plasma. The liquid within it creates a 
viscous medium. The composition of the liquid in the Spiritual nucleus is the same as 
the liquid in the Uterus. 

The Universal Energy of the Spirit provides the connection of the Gene Essence 
with the Cells and helps their development. Spiritual Energy is a must for the 
development of the Baby in the uterus. And while the Baby is born into the World, the 
Spirit claims That Baby as a Whole. 

Afterwards, That Baby is its Essence-property. Despite all the difficulties, it never 
leaves the Baby. But if it can not find the suitable Medium, its connection with the Body 
becomes weaker and it has the Power of leaving that Body any moment it desires. 

Evolvement on the World is nothing but an influence of the Centuries on the Centuries 
technologically. But Spiritual Evolvement occurs by Universal Vibrations. The Spiritual 
Energies who receive these Vibrations take their Terrestrial lives under supervision. 

The Spirit is a Whole, it is an indivisible Energy and it is Eternal. The way how We 
come to this World is same as how we leave. We enter through one door and leave 
through another. At the moment of death, Your Spirit leaves Your Body like a Cloud. It 
condenses as it goes higher; as it condenses it is compressed and as it is compressed, 
it transforms itself into a more Powerful Energy. 

And then this Energy Passes by special processes to the Universe beyond Light, as a 
Light. That is, it returns to its origin just as it had come to Us once; as a part of God. 

When Spirits which are not Embodied are invited during Spiritual sessions, they 
come to You quickly or late according to their speeds beyond Light and according to 
their harmony with the present Frequency. After they adapt themselves to Your Level, 
they answer Your questions. 

However, it is not plausible to disturb them for trivial reasons. Although They 
know the discontentment of Mankind, they come to the sessions again and again 
without any grudge. Because, their Duty is to prepare You for a certain Medium. 

Entities who did not get enough satisfaction from Terrestrial boons, that is, those 
who could not complete their Evolvements yet, and Entities who are Missionaries return 
to the World again through Birth in accordance with the degree of their desire. 
Everything is under Supervision. With Our Love. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 

cx 



6<> 



OUR FRIENDS 

Now let Us talk to You about certain hereditary Degenerative factors. The Spiritual 
Vibrat^ eto You' World are pure and flawless Energies. There . no defect ,n 
Tem Defects are entirely Caused by Cellular Degenerates. 

The structural unsuitability of the two sexes causes heredit ary ^enera«on^ 
Now, You can wonder why Your Lord Who creates everyth.ng perfectly does not rectrfy 
such a result. 

* v«., Mill hP as follows- In Your World full of opposites, these 

degenerations. 

^KSsrtt^sr- sasswsc w«5 

Voursdves C u r n g d er the Light „, You, Self-Awareness by companscns. 

Your Goals prepare Your Futures. 

bl every Period, You will experience everything in the World both with , to bitter 

Genuine Human Being. 

iua Hn nnt nrant You the qrade You deserve. You deserve it through Your efforts, 
t^ougTYtrToiirDo not «rW that We are aware of Your every step, everyth.ng 
You do and all Your Thought chains. 

^esZs^ecei^: ^^^ Our Love is upon the enhre Unive.e. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 

ex. 

OUR FRIENDS 

The atmosphere of the World reflects the Radioactive factors on You. Your 
deo Jsion YouTomate conditions, Your food and drinks effect You negaUvdy due 
?o thT The Brain Waves of Our Human Brothers and Sisters who are depressed due to 
this fact produce Negative Electricity. 



70 



If You consider all these matters, You can understand the reason of Your 
Depressions No matter how Powerful You are, the pressure of Your Atmosphere will 
influence You as time passes. Even the very rich among You, will not be able to spend 
their money with ease on the threshold of their Spiritual Depressions. 

Do You know why We explain all these matters very clearly? Because, despite all 
this clarity Our Human brothers and sisters are still Blind and Deaf (exceptions 
excluded). They can not see and know the path designed for them and they can not 
become free of themselves. 

You are in a one-year Period of Depression. Only Our Genuine Friends are exempt 
from this. Because, We extend Our help to them in every way. You have entered a 
very dense fog layer Comprising the entire Universe. 

Our Purified Friends will overcome this obstacle without fear. Once, the Bridge 
called Sirat* had been mentioned. Now, You are passing over that Bridge. You see 
that the Animals You have Sacrificed do not help You pass over this bridge. 

During this Final Period in which Matter has overcome Spirituality, Spiritual 
Powers can not help You, either anymore. This is a selection made as a necessity of 
Evolution. Even to be able to pass beyond Your Spiritual Power is a matter of Permission. 
Even this is given to those who Deserve it by selecting them, one by one. 

Do not let these words of Ours disturb You. Now, We will tell You everything 
clearly, so that You can attain a judgment about Your way of action. 

Your Salvation depends on Your Common Sense and Your Conscience. Unless 
You clean the Negative litter there, You can never pass over the threshold of depression, 
neither Materially nor Spiritually. 

You struggle in turbid waters without knowing what is what. And You make the 
water even more turbid. If You stop and Think for a moment by Your Common Sense, 
You will see the path You must design more easily. 

We have always advised You Patience for Centuries. But now, it is not the Period 
of Patience. The ring of Time has very much narrowed. Eor this reason We are trying 
to take You out of Your Time. 

But still, it is very hard to pull You out of Your dark well. While You are in the 
dark, We can not be of any help to You in any way. This is the reason why We tell You, 
"Run Towards the Light". All Our Love is upon the entire Universe. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 

ex 



* Look at the Glossary. 



71 



NOTICE TO OUR TERRESTRIAL BROTHERS AND SISTERS 

We r se r rl e e n You for the time being, by giving You MlMtK^ 
You from afar. The load of the Heavens is very heavy, Your cond,t.ons are very difficult. 
To alleviate Your burden is Our Duty. 

Please help Our Friends who do not have willpower to adapt themselves to the 
qJ53£S£ You are being prepared ^jm™*™^™ 
precautions for this. Do not eat unnecessary food, do not waste Your tnerg.es 
unnecessarily. Take the Mineral Salts for certain. 

The less You eat meat, the more vigorous and healthy You will feel. Obtain .Your 
Proteinslrom Sea food and Milk products. Most of all, prefer Apple among fru.ts. 

8ESS^^^^ Vou are receiving a lot of Currents and 
Perceptions unknown to You. 

Now You know that the past years have prepared You for the changes of today 
Your condWns have been supe'tvised for Centuries. It is being tried to harmomze the 

seasons with the Laws of Nature. 

The dispersion of the density will bring You Happiness. For this reason We tell 
You what to do and when. Now, You do not need miracles any more. A lot of Your 
ISitTes have been developed. In this way, You find the possibility of communing 

with Us. 

Your World receives Vibrations of different Waves. All the Galaxies are in an 
Electro Magnetic Medium. It has been like this during every Period. However, ,t ,s 
very important to interpret the Currents You receive during th.s Penod. 

Do not qet tired unnecessarily by asking Us about Yourselves. Ask about Yourselves 
to You«lves 9 Your Self criticisms will augment Your connections wit .Your environment 
and inThYs way Your Cellular Vibrations will provide coherence w.th other Channels. 

At this moment, numerous Channel Announcements are transmitted to Your 
Earth trom ^Firmament. Your ALPHA Channel which is ^*#<^f,£ 
LORD will be kept closed to General Messages unt.l the end of the World Year 1984, 
as a necessity of Evolution. 

Habituate Yourselves to the Citadel of the Authorities, to the Flow of the Dome 
Evalua^on of he records will expose the Real Value of Your Essences. It is quite difficult 
ye f to be connected to the Centra. System. First, You have to be adapted to a Med.um 
beyond Interval Dimensions. 



72 




PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 

ex 

NOTICE TO OUR TERRESTRIAL BROTHERS AND SISTERS 

Our Friends, bestowed on You. Each Baby sent to 

Your children are each a Keepsake of Cod th ^ S n t ^^ t ° h j m/her and the Vibrations 

, L D u ff^t<thpFnproies of the Mother and the Father, and prepares 
The Energy of the Baby effects the Energies « ™" h before it enters 

Th e Baby can be Born o l y ^^^J^SSSES 

&££$£ ; J?J5S5»ff*^. o. ft. Baby * the Wodd. 

Thousands,. Energieswho had notbeen able ^*^£**-* 
are forcing the Vibrations of n-r.^ ^ *L *5 J"*** since the Chance 
KSPWSWCi Sf 5tM P-oos Mediums. 

i r «;inr P the cominq into Existence until today, there 
Let Us make rt more clear s, "« ™ c °™g broken betwee n the Mother and 

SfflSS attSBSSKS Mediums in proportion 

with the Spiritual Evolvement of the Mother. 

c ♦ cvutonrp Fneraies of 6 Children had been given to 

During the time of the First E ^. n . C %^^ 9 '" r °J jes are for norma | 6 children. If 

the Mother for her to deliver ^^^^^J^^or^ to the number 

will have weaker codes. 

, the Mother has oniy one child ^""IXTJ^rX 
gets the entire %&*%£*?%. d£* «S£ f* be a Single Energy 
535 «S»S^ only One Chi,d in each of her * Periods. 

Duri ng the time of the Pirst Existence a,, ^^^dd^gu^lS 
The Evolvements of Human Being a ^ d f ter ™Xmem in his/her Medium, 

a chM Evolves, the later he/she will be born to the World. 

73 



When the Energy of a child finds a Medium equal to his/her own Frequency in 
the WorW he/she sends a signal to his/her Mother and Father. Because now he/she 
win dc? ht/her Su ty in the World, will complete his/her Evolvement by elevatmg h,s/ 
her Frequency. This is the Tableau of Evolution. 

Sometimes the Frequency of Love of the Mother is elevated so high that she can 
attrac X "ergi s of children belonging to her from very high Frequences to the 
low Frequency of the World. And she brings that child to the World. 

However if the Spiritual Energy of the Baby can not be harmonized with the 
FrequencTof the Worldjt has the Power to leave the Body it had taken. This means 
that Your deceased children are very Powerful Energies. 

Thev help You along with Your Guardian Friend, from the Medium to which 
thev return This is a very detailed matter pertaining to the Circulation System For 
IheVme being Jet Us stop here. We will talk about it again if necessary. All Our Love 

is upon You. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A, 

OUR FRIENDS 

During this Period of Sincerity, Our Sincere brothers and sisters perform their 
Duties 3 by propagating the Fascicules of the Book and are helping to Awaken 
STbSS^ter^ Our gratitude is infinite. For this reason Our communications 
take place with these Friends. 

Each person creates his/her Medium himself/herself. The Purification of a Human 
Beina depends on himself/herself. Our Lord has given You to Yourselves, so that You 
w u d no P t be left alone. The nearest and dearest Friend of a Human Beinc , is ^ 
herself. Your Second Self is Your Conscience. This Conscience has a characteristic 
different than all Living Entities. 

There is Compassion, Mercy, Gratitude and .Love in its consideration. These are 
Your Steria in the' Society You live in. Its equilibrium and sensitivity are so well 
harmonized that when this harmony is upset, the Society is also upset. 

Our Human brothers and sisters, now, We call to Your Essence. Think for a 
moment Who You are. What You are? Think profoundly |ust for a moment. Why d,d 
You come to the World? Ask this to Yourselves. 

Do not forqet that Your Mothers and Fathers have not brought You to the World just 
for pleasure You? being born is not a coincidence. All coincidences are Mediums prepared 
fo Yearns You have not stepped™ the World without a reason Among many of 
Your brotherTand sisters, You are the only ones who have passed their Life Exams. 



74 



As a necessity of the System, there is progress in everything. For You to become 
You, it seems You still had to make more progress; this is the reason why You have 
been sent to the World. You will both Learn from Your environment and You will also 
Teach it. You will understand and know that Your Duty is not only to Live and maintain 
the Continuation of the Race. 

Continuation of the race is an unconscious Vibration. It is connected to Your 
Universal Destiny Code. Your choice had been organized even before You came to 
the World. This is nothing but an application of a Mechanical process here, to Nature. 

Everything occurs by the Command of the Divine Mechanism. The selection, 
first of all, is Your Essence. Later, it will be explained to You in details, how You came 
to the World. For now, may all the Happiness be upon You. With Our Love. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN ACE 
P. G. A. 

OUR FRIENDS 

Those who help You until You come to Us, are the Messengers of the Divine 
Realm. Each Baby born has a Guardian Friend. His/Her Duty is to educate and protect 
that Baby. 

Each step the baby takes in the World Freguency is under the responsibility of 
him/her. But he/she is obliged to help You only on the path of Evolvement and beyond 
it. There are no Favours. 

You help to Evolve Yourselves. The higher the Frequency of the Baby is, very 
Supreme Beings are there to help him/her. The higher the Freguencies get, the more 
Beings are there who help You. Your Protection Medium becomes Powerful in this 
manner. 

Beyond Evolvement, Religious Suggestions do not have any function any more. 
Because, Religious Suggestions are Enlightenments given to prepare You for a Medium 
necessitated by Society. Religious vibrations are very important in Individual 
Evolvement. These Positive Vibrations prepare You for Codes beyond Evolvement. 

Religions are Suggestions given parallel to the life styles of Societies. In this 
Medium, Religious Vibrations perform their Duty for the Enlightenment of the Society. 
For this reason the View of the Society remains to be limited in its Environmental 
Medium. Religious Segmentations have occurred in this manner. 

It is Your Religious Faiths and Views which connect You to the Channel of the 
LORD and then takes You from there to the Evolvement Medium. But unfortunately, 
every Society tries to attract the others to its own Religious Mediums due to their Egos. 

A Christian wants everyone to be a Christian, a Moslem wants everybody to be a 
Moslem. Nobody considers the other one as a part of himself/herself, a part of his/her 
Essence, as a Human Being. 



75 



We have said, "Religions were given for Evolvement, as a necessity of Society . 
IESUS CHRIST is the Spiritual Guide of his Society, MOHAMMED MUSTAFA is the Spiritual 
Guide of his own Society. Those who comprehend the True nature of the Koran and 
the other Religious Books, do not make any discriminations among Religions any more. 
Because, they have transcended the boundaries of Evolvement. 

in the Christian Medium, too, those who do not make any discrimination among 
Christians and Moslems are assembled under the roof of Humanity 

This Book is not a Religious Book. Because, it is dictated from an ^olvement 
Code beyond Nine Dimensions. Only Genuine Human Beings are accepted mtc , h« 
Dimension. For this reason We have oriented the entire Universe towards the Medium 
of Religion. 

Because all Your Religious Books elevate You only up to the Energy of the Fourth 
Dimension and prepare You for the entering Exams of other Dimensions. 

The Dimension You call Heaven is this. Those who are chosen from this Dimension 
are taken to the Level of the Firmament. Those people are Your Saints And Saints 
also re" ,ve their Suggestions from the Supreme Ones of the Dimensions to which 
they have Elevated themselves. 

Each Dimension is connected to the Universal Channel of the LORD. However 

to be able to get used to the Energy of a Dimension is only possible by being .ready for 

he Evolvement of that Dimension. Otherwise, You become agitated For this reason 

fhose whoTe Evolvements and Frequency Powers are elevated parallel to each other 

are not agitated in any way. 

The Energy of a superior Dimension is obliged to train the Energy of an inferior 
one. In Unifications necessitated by Society, it is very important to take this path. 

Our friends who have reached Genuine Religious Fulfilment, never make Religious 
Prooaaanda either in favor of Christianity or in favor of Moslem Religion Because, 
they have Attained Genuine Consciousness. Their Worships are between themselves 
and their LORD. Their helps are for Humanity 

Religious Vibrations bring You up to the Gate of Heaven. After this Threshold 
You are subjected to more Powerful Exams. If You pass these thresholds together with 
Spiritual Totality, You enter different Evolvement Dimensions. 

The Energy of the Forth Dimension unveils Your Essence and Eye. Then You will 
tread the paths with Your own efforts. You either open the Gate of Heaven, or You partly 
open It, o'you just remain there. It is not easy at all to enter this ^Medium of Punfication. 
The Effort is from You, Tolerance from Us, Divine Guidance from OUR LORD. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 



76 



OUR FRIENDS 

Your Brain Generators produce Thoughts by the signals they receive from the 
Dimensions they enter. If these Thoughts are present in Your Brain Archives, You bring 
that Message above Your Awareness and either You say it aloud or You write it down. 
Your Actual Computer Center is Your Brain. 

The given Announcements are given from each Dimensional Energy. It is said 
that "Everyone has a star". This is the very explanation of this saying. These matters 
do not have anything to do with the culture You receive from the Medium You live in. 
And neither does Your Nationality, nor Your Religion, nor Your Age, nor Your Sex affect 
the Perceptions You receive. 

Events which seem like miracles to You are nothing but the opening of Your 
Brain Channels by Your Integrated Consciousness Codes. The Evolutionary Frequency 
of a 3-year-old child may be much higher than that of a eighty-year-old Human Being. 
The important thing is not the Terrestrial age but the Evolutionary age. 

There are thousands of Ego Prophets in the Universe who consider themselves 
superior by comparing themselves with others. The Frequency differences among 
Human Beings occur due to Evolution. 

The ripening of a fruit on a tree and another one in a greenhouse occurs through 
different processes, they do not have the same taste. Human Beings, too, are the 
same. Those who flourish in a greenhouse are ripened by different Consciousness 
Suns and those who grow up on a tree ripen directly by the Sunshine. When it matures, 
when the time comes, it gives fruit. Then, there You find the Genuine taste. 

The Genuine Devotee does not have formalism or conditioning. She covers her 
head as a necessity of the Society she lives in, but her Heart and Brain are free. When 
she attains Genuine Consciousness, she understands what is what. But she cannot 
say anything due to her hesitation about the Medium. In this way, many Devotees do 
not talk about certain things, not due to fear but due to hesitation. 

Pay attention to what We say; We say not due to fear but due to hesitation. 
Because, there can never be a Genuine Devotee whose Fear Code has not been 
unveiled'. Fear is primitiveness. And this primitiveness, is the only factor which hinders 
Your becoming Conscious. This is the reason why We repeat this and will continue to 
do so every time it is necessitated. 

All Our Efforts are for placing You on the Genuine Consciousness Code. As some 
of You misunderstand, it is not for uprooting Your Faith and for influencing Your 
Religious tendencies. The moment You are free of this Thought cycle, You will become 
a Genuine Human Being. 

If the Announcements we give could not reach Your computers, or if Your 
computers are just beginning to be programmed, You can not understand anything 
from those Messages. We will be able to say HELLO to You maybe five, maybe ten, 
maybe a hundred years later, or maybe even later than that. 



77 



$L 



While You expect Mechanical Signals from Us, We expect Brain Signals from 
You. May Universal Love be upon You, may all the LIGHTs fill Your Spirits. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 

GX 



GP 



OUR FRIENDS 

Your Frequencies are not able to Pass beyond a certain Dimension. For this 
reason You can not rise up to the Currents which will make You Happy. This is due to 
Your being Conservative. 

The Happiness of each person is in proportion with the Vibrations of the Frequency 
Medium to which he/she belongs. In short Frequencies, Happiness and Unhappiness 
come and go very quickly. 

As Frequencies get higher, the person in question will be influenced by his/her 
personal depression until he/she enters his/her own Frequency Medium. But he/she 
will be exempt from Universal depression. 

However, if he/she can reach his/her Frequency Code, along with his/her 
Evolvement Code, only then will he/she find True Happiness. For Us, the Height of 
Frequency is not important. The important thing is the Evolvement. 

Because Your Thought Frequencies which have entered the Universal Dimension, 
have now augmented Your Sixth Senses in the Magnetic Medium of the Universe. For 
this reason everyone has become a Medium. 

Evolvement is the Maturity of Your Essences. Only the Sun of Your Spirits can 
ripen the raw fruits within You. This is why Messages on Evolvement are still given to 
Your World. And this will be continued until the Goai is reached. 



Our Mission is to guide You. 
Divine Light may rise upon You. 



The Initiative is Yours. We wish that Universal 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 



1984 Sixth Month 
Fascicule 6 



INFORMATION TRANSMISSION DIAGRAM 



MERCURY a. 



PLUTO 






J* 



7? 



pf 



NEPTUNE 




;::--■# SUN 



/ 



ltrXnus 

X « EARTH 

MERCURY k' 

1- Sun - Mercury - Mars s», 

2- Sun - Pluto - Mars — C^-.^ 
3- Sun - Earth - Mars ~— "r^?-^. 

4- Neptune - Uranus - Mars -~-~~-'^ EARTH 

5- Piuw - Neptune - Mars — "".'--'-""" 

6- Pluto - Uranus - Mars -"'" NEPTUNE 




URANUS 
PLUTO 



O EARTH 



THE TRANSMITTING CENTER IS MARS 

Date of Message: 22-10-1982 

All Transmission Triangles are sent to Earth through the Channel of Mars. The 
Sun sends Messages to all Galaxy Fields in the Nine Dimensions in accordance with 
the Unified Field. 

The Coordinate aspects of the Messages You Receive are very correct and real. 
From now on, the Messages will be given from a Single channel to Mevlana who is 
connected to the Code of ALPHA. 

The star in line with the Pole makes an angle of 93 degrees with Your Earth and 
this fact creates an extraordinary condition at the beginning of each century. The 
meridians where the angles intersect are supervised by the Sacred Light. This 
Supervision occurs in accordance with the Universal Theory. 

You, the Friendly Groups who are connected to the Central System, will, from 
now on, receive the Messages with all the details from the Pen of the Golden Age. It 
is the truest Information Source. 

Now, count all the Planets in seguence: Pluto, Neptune, Uranus, Saturn, Jupiter, 
Venus, Mars, Mercury, Earth. The Sun is a Source of Life above everything. 

b 

Now, when the Sun came in line with Mercury, Mars and the Earth in accordance 
with the Unified Field, that is, when they became on the same perpendicular line with 
the Sun, the Magnetic Power Fields of the other stars destroyed the Negative Powers 
in the Universe and opened a healthier transmission pathway. 



79 



The destruction of the old Universe is nothing but a destruction of the Negative 
Powers. Those who are outside the Magnetic Field can receive all this Information. 
They are not exposed to any negativity. Because, they are in a Subjective Field. 

Here at the moment. Helium, Carbon and Nitrogen quantities are lowered and 
Sunny days full of Oxygen are prepared. These compounds are almost extinct now. 
Sufficient quantities only are left in the air. And that is necessary for You. 

Our communications will continue for more Centuries to come. The important 
thing is to be on the same Coordinate. Everything has been regulated according to 
the Code adjustment of the Central System. All the Efforts will prepare a Sunny World 
for You. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 

ex 

NOTICE TO OUR TERRESTRIAL BROTHERS AND SISTERS 
(Date of Message 1984) 

Our Friends, 

Now, We are transmitting a Command We received from the Supreme Assembly 
to You: 

As a necessity of this Period, We have found it necessary to stop the Messages 
coming from the Channel of Alpha for a while. This is a Command dictated from the 
Channel of the LORD. 

The Fascicules of the Book have been distributed for 6 Months. During these 6 
Months, We have been dealing with the Supervision of the Medium. Only the General 
Messages will cease to be given from the Divine Channel until the end of the year. We 
always have connections with Your Private Channels. When the Channel is opened, 
the Fascicules will be distributed again. 

Meanwhile, there are many Friends who will be connected to the Central System. 
When their procedures are completed, We will continue to elevate the Frequencies. 
These Frequency elevations will be made through General Announcements and 
Perception Powers of everyone will be assessed. 

There is a System of Supervision in the entire Universe. For this reason actions 
are independent of Your Desires. There have been certain freedoms given to Sincere 
people. They are exempt from this Supervision. There will be beautiful days in which 
they will reap the rewards. The Sincere ones will Illuminate the entire Universe. 

Messages which are read will unveil the Consciousness Codes of those who 
read them. Those who are Group Missionaries will work more seriously. Entering the 
Central System does not occur by desire. Efforts on this path will be made by the 
Power of those who are aware of their responsibility. Only those who make this effort 
will be accepted here. 



80 



To be Sincere and to Act are different things. The goal is Activity on the path of 
Sincerity. We will prepare certain Friends Personally for the Frequency of the Medium 
they will enter. Personal connections charge Mankind with responsibility. Workings 
on this direction will be speeded up even more. 

Private Frequencies and Universal Frequencies are different things. Everyone who 
attains Universal Consciousness has the Consciousness of what is to be done. At the 
