All the Life Ciphers of Our Divine Friends, who come from beyond Times in which 
Divine Orders had not been in effect yet, have been engraved in Your Gene Programs. 

These Gene Programs are kept as Micro-Archives being card-indexed in Your 
Diskettes in the Evolutionary Scales of the Micro-Archives present in each Universal 
Scale. Your contacts with Us are becoming possible by knocking on Our Door by 
Thoughts which were able to reach up to these Micro-Archives. 

Consciousnesses You attain in each Life Level of Yours are Lights guiding You in Your 
future Lives. ROOT Archives of Our Friends who have served and will serve for the 
Evolutionary Totality and who are present in Your Planet at the moment as Solar Teachers, 
are the Unification Totality of the MAYAs and the KAYAs. {The corrupted version is KAYI). 

Reincarnation, that is, Re-birth, is provided by Engrafting Your Cipher Genes, as 
Embryons, on the Fetus. You have Gene Ciphers in each Dimension. We call them 
(CELL BRAINS). 

However, You are Transferred, when coming to the World anew, by Your Gene 
Cipher of the Dimension up to which You had rendered Consciousness Progress during 
Your Life period. Each Gene Cipher of Yours is also connected to the Awareness of the 
Universal Ordinance, in connection with the Final Dimensional Frequency You were 
able to attain. 

When Your Gene Cipher Programs turn the Key of the Evolutionary Awareness, 
You are connected to the Awareness of the Ordinance. And, by this means, Your 
Mission Programs in the Level You are in, Automatically connect You to the Program of 
the Unified Human Reality. And Your Covenant in Your Archive Mission in here is 
joined with Your Connection Channel. 

We never impose on You the Missions You will perform, no matter where You go. 
We connect Your Gene Cipher to Your Final Evolution Program. Starting from here, 
You make a Covenant Consciously by Your Cerebral Totality, to the Computer Program 
within the Evolution Scale You are in. When the Time comes, this Program becomes 
effective and Your first contacts with Us occur. 

No matter how wide a Reincarnation Archive a Human Being possesses, his/her 
Past is always reminded to him/her gradually in the Dimension of Veiled Awareness. 
This is a System. Declaring the Archives of Past Lives to Human Beings is not something 
every person can tolerate. This is the reason why We declare the Past to very Powerful 
Consciousnesses. 



75: 



To other Friends, We either do not declare it at all, or We put on stage different 
Visions for the satisfaction of very curious Consciousnesses. This tactic of Ours should 
never be Considered as deceiving thern. These operations are made both for protecting 
them from Brain Shock and for satisfying their Egos. 

Those who perform Missions Consciously are Powerful Consciousnesses. They do 
not even wonder about their Past. Because, they attain the Consciousness of what they 
will offer service for and thus, they perform their Missions only by the Consciousness of 
the Truth. Other Missionary Staffs waste time in the Medium of Quest. 

However, provided that they are able to transcend beyond the Consciousness of 
the Dimension they are in, Helping Hands of the System are extended towards them 
and thus, wasted times are induced to be compensated in accordance with the 
Accelerated Evolutionary Program. That is the reason why (it is said Time passing 
Tranquilly is Ready Time). It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 

IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 

Our Friends, 

We accept the Period up to the Year 2000 as a Preparatory Period of Your Planet. 
In fact, this Operational Ordinance comprises a Period of 6000 Years. 

During Periods in which the Sacred Books had not been bestowed on Your Planet 
yet, a Consciousness preparation of 2000 years had been rendered. Unification of 
Essence Genes with Essence Genes had been rendered effective as Super 
Consciousnesses and as Educative staffs. 

Your Planet had been introduced the First Sacred Book by the Channel of MOSES. 
The time between this Period and the Period of JESUS CHRIST comprises the Second 
Period of 2000 years. And the Third Period of 2000 years comes to an end at the end 
of this Century of Yours. 

This is the reason why the Universal Preparatory Program of 6000 years is now 
considered finished. Operations made at the moment during this Transition Dimension 
in Your Planet, which is the application field of a Program of 6000 years, are in effect 
as the MEVLANA SUPREME PUN. 

Taking the Humane Consciousnesses into consideration, a Program of Progress 
of Three Centuries has been allotted to Your Planet. The First Cosmic Age has been 
taken into a more comfortable, a more positive and a more understanding Program of 
Progress. 

Because, during this Dimension of Transition this Program of aid applied on Your 
Planet in which all Our Supreme Friends and Dear Mevlana have taken direct Missions in 
Embodied forms, had been prepared by the Direct Commands of the Council. 



754 



Shortcomings of everyone who has been serving on the path of this Book since 
1-11-1981, the date on which the Book had been revealed to Your Planet, are induced 
directly by the System to be fulfilled. And this is the greatest help given to Humanity 
in accordance with the Program of Accelerated Evolution during the Period up to the 
Year 2000. 

Because, Humanity which can not make it* Transition during this Final Period will 
experience a World of more difficult conditions for Two Cosmic Ages. For this reason 
more serious and more positive work is expected of Totalities of (18) which will create the 
Magnetic Aura of that Book in the Universal Dimension of the Knowledge Book. 

It is imperative that these Totalities of (18) should become like a single pulse. 
Otherwise, the desired result can not be attained. However, agitations can be observed 
until this operational Order, evaluated as the Totality of (18), reaches a very perfect 
Totality. The slightest negative Thought occurring in this Totality can instantly disband 
that Totality, Automatically. 

Because, Frequencies of the Basic Staffs of (18) are directly connected to the 
Automatism of the System. In this Automatism, broken Signals have been connected 
to a System which can render that Totality ineffective. (For various reasons.) 

However, 100 Negative reflections of Friends whom We presume as having 
attained the Awareness of the Ordinance, break one Chip in effect. Three Broken 
Chips take the operational circuit of the basic Staff of (1 8) out of control, (Negativities 
forming in a Thought on the Normal Level can break 1 Chips a day). 

If these conditions are taken into consideration and the arrangements of the 
operational Orders are made accordingly, it is believed that healthier Reflecting Focal 
Points will be created during time periods. The Operational Ordinance of the Basic 
Totalities of (1 8) is an Occurrence pertaining to the construction of the Unified Field of 
the Book in the Magnetic Field of ALLAH. Personality Plans have been rendered effective 
for this operational Order. 

A Totality is established, disbands, others are established again. At the beginning, 
this is not an important issue at all. Only if the Genuine Humane Consciousnesses 
who will be able to create the Aura of this Desired Potential will be able to settle down 
in the Operational Ordinance by a Discerned - Logical - Aware and Serious 
Consciousness Totality, in this Total. 

Messages given to You about the Totalities of (1 8) are completely the projection 
and the application of the Operational Orders of the System on Your Planet, exactly as 
they are. For this reason all Consciousnesses working and which will be working on 
Your Planet only in conformity with the Knowledge Book are obliged to establish 
these Totalities of (18) Consciously. It is presented for Your Information. 

COUNCIL 



755 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

Each Totality of (1 8) is a Micro reflection of the Focal Point of a Totalistic Consciousness. 

Reflection and Integration Ordinance of the Gurz System is connected to the 
same System. The first Totality of (9) is connected to the second Totality of (9). In 
accordance with the Ordinance of 1 8 Systems, this (1 8) is considered as a Totality, 

There are Consciousness Integrating Channels You do not know yet. This Totality 
of (18) is connected to those channels and thus, it effectively takes the Mission of 
Reflecting and forming an Aura as a Totality of a Single Consciousness. 

This is an operational Order the Lordly Order has established in connection with 
Automatism. A Totality of (1 8) is a Mission of Projection. And it is obliged to form an 
Aura only in accordance with the Knowledge Book. 

The Nucleic Staffs the Totalities of (18) will form in Your Planet, will form the 
Unified Field of the Knowledge Book in the Magnetic Totality of ALLAH. The Unified 
Frequency of the Knowledge Book will project the Fourth Order of the LORD on the 
Order of Cosmoses from this Unified Field. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 
(Information for All the Totalities of 18 Which will 
Form the Magnetic Aura of the Knowledge Book) 

This Message has been given directly by the System with the Purpose that the 
Universal Reflection Programs prepared in accordance with the Laws of 18 Systems 

can be grasped better by You and that it can be a Light for the operations to be made 
on the path of the Knowledge Book in Your entire Planet. 

Our Friends, 

The Magnetic Aura of the Knowledge Book which will form through the 
Unification of all the Totalities of (1 8) have been rendered effective so that it can be 
projected from this Totality on all the Universal Ordinances. 

Magnetic Aura Unified Fields formed in the Universal Totality until today are an 
Operational Ordinance prepared parallel to the Laws of 18 Systems. Even the 
Information You receive at the moment through Your Mediamic Channels is by the 
reflection technique of this System. 

The Universal Totality is a Prismal reflection. And Three Totalities who render 
reflection in the same Coordinate are considered as a GROUP. 

A Group Totality established by Three People on the Same Coordinate renders 
an Aura reflection from the Medium they are in. This reflection is considered as the 
Short Circuit Reflection. 



756 



The UNIVERSAL ORDINANCE COUNCIL is a Totality established by the Councils 
of all the*To tali ties connected to the Reality of the Unified Humanity. Reflection Focal 
Points of these Councils render reflection from a Collective Totality. And this is the 
Dimension of the ALL-MERCIFUL whom We call ONE. 

That is, the Councils of all the establishments connected to the Totality of the 
Reality of the Unified Humanity act in connection with the Dimension of the ALL 

MERCIFUL directly as the UNIVERSAL ORDINANCE COUNCIL. 

Three Groups each of which is established by Three People are a Totality of 
Coordination established by a Totality of (9). And this Totality is called (THE SYSTEM 
OF NINES). 

This Totality of Nines, as the supervising Power of the Divine Plan, is a trainer 
Staff Totality. And this Totality, as a Totality established by Three different Councils, is 
at the service of the System. 

And another Totality established again by Three Councils connected to this Totality 
is effectively in service as the Directing Mechanism of directly the ALL- MERCIFUL. By 
this means, the Totality of (6) Councils, as a Totality established by (1 8) people form 
on the same Coordinate the Projection Mechanism of the ALL-MERCIFUL. 

Each Totality of (18), one by one, creates the Projection Magnetic Aura Unified 
Fields of various operational Orders of the Totality of the ALL-MERCIFUL. 

These operations are projected on all the Ordinances of Cosmoses by this means. 
(The Totality of BSUI is one of these Reflection Totalities.) 

Information You receive from the INITIAL SOURCE down to the Medium You are 
in have been conveyed to You parallel to the Missions to which numerous Totalities of 
(1 8) give service by the Reflections they make on the same Coordinate. 

Let Us repeat again, all Focal Points making Reflections as Totalities of (1 8) have 
formed the Magnetic Fields of the Mediums they serve, thus. We call this Field formed 
by the Reality Totalities which We call the Platform of the Unified Field, the ALPHA 
MAGNETIC FIELD. 

This ALPHA Magnetic Field is an umbrella assembling in itself numerous Unified 
Fields. This umbrella is a Totality created by the operational Coordinates rendered in 
accordance with the Information given to You until today. 

And reflections from this Totality are made on all Universal Totalities. A previous 
Information reflection always sheds Light on the next path. 

We assemble all Consciousnesses who have rendered their Religious Progress in 
the Magnetic Fields of (Islam - Christian - Jewish - Knowledge of the Far East - Tibet - 
Inca - Islands) and the reflections made from the SACRED Magnetic Fields into the 
MEVLANA MAGNETIC FIELD which the Reality of the Unified Humanity Totality has 
card-indexed as the final Evolutionary Channel. 



757 



(Prophets -Pre-eminent Ones - Supreme Ones - Wise Ones) who have assembled 
all the Totalities in themselves until today have been connected to the Mevlana Unified 
Field which is the application field of the Mevlana Supreme Plan and thus, all of them, 
one by one, have been Transferred embodied to Your Planet. 

This is the reason why We have Collaborated with Dear Mevlana. And this is the 
reason why the entire Responsibility of the KNOWLEDGE BOOK dictated to her belongs 
to Your Planet and to Humanity. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 

FORMATION OF THE TOTALITIES OF 18 AND THEIR OPERATIONAL ORDINANCE 

Our Friends, 

All the operations in Your Planet which will attain the entire Awareness of the 
Ordinance in a very short time, have been divided by the System so that a Whole can 
be attained anew. 

All the work done on this Dimension of Transition, on the Path of Our ALLAH is a 
Program projected on all the Consciousnesses. While these reflections kindle the 
Consciousness Lights of Human Beings, they also bring out the negative aspects of 
certain others. 

Messages given to You about the Totality of (1 8) are completely a Phenomena 
concerning the Operational Order of the System. 

In this operational Order the Lordly Order has formed in connection with the 
Automatism, each Totality of (1 8) is an Aura Projecting Missionary. And is obliged to 
form an Aura only in accordance with the Knowledge Book. 

The Nucleic Staffs the Totalities of (18) will Constitute, will form the Unified Field 
of the Knowledge Book in the Magnetic Totality of ALLAH. (We wish this matter to be 
understood better, thus We repeat.) 

The operational Ordinances of 18 given to You are an operational Order 
comprising the very advanced Plans of the Universal Totality. All the efforts made on 
this path are the Testimonials for the Advanced Plans. 

By all the work done in Your Planet in accordance with the Knowledge Book, 
Permissions for entering the World which will constitute the Initial Nucleus of the Beta 
Gurz will be given to Humanity. 

In accordance with the Laws of 18-System of the Ordinance of the Cosmoses, 18 
persons Uniting on the same Coordinate Level form as a Whole, the Projecting Aura 
Center. 

Operations of the Totalities of (1 8) are an Operational Order Programmed by 
the Universal Ordinance Council. And it works in connection with the Automatism. 






f 

! 

I 



r 
c 



• 



II 
A 
h 



c 
S 

a 



tl 

d 

P 



N 



758 



The Magnetic Aura of the Knowledge Book will be formed by the operations 
rendered in accordance with the Knowledge Book, by the Humane Consciousnesses 
who Love the Human Being and Humanity, who do not Repel each other and who 
know how to Help each other and to Share from the Essence. 

By the Auras endeavored to be formed, reflections will be made on the Ordinance 
of the Cosmoses and the desired Universal Totality will thus be attained. 

Now, let Us mention briefly the Operational Ordinance of the Totalities of (1 8). 
Normally, the Center of Three Totalities of (1 8) We wish to establish in Each City are 
considered as the Actual Reflecting Focal Point. 

Also numerous Totalities of (18) may be established in the same city only after 
this Totaiistic Center is formed. 

The First 3 Persons who will form the Foundation of a Totality of (1 8) are considered 
in the Operational Ordinance of the System as the Direct Missionaries with Covenants. 
And each one who constitutes this Triplet is obliged to take a Friend of his/hers whom 
he/she Believes in and Trusts by getting the approvals of the Friends who constitute 
the Triple Totality. 

By this means, 3 persons + assistants of each one = 6 persons are directly 
connected to the System and they take the Mission of being the Spokespersons of the 
System. Afterwards, Individuals who will wind the skein of the Totality of (18) are 
accepted, one by one, into the Totality by receiving the approvals of this Totality of (6). 

Even if One Person out of this Totality of (6) does not accept the proposed person, 
that person can not enter the Totality. At that moment, the Person who Refuses is 
directly connected to the System. His/her Individual Consciousness can never play a 
part in this Medium. 

In this manner, the same Coordinate Levels are Integrated by the aids of the System. 
Negativities occurring among the First Three Missionaries with Covenants who constitute 
the Totality of (1 8) cause the disbanding of the entire Totality. But, afterwards: 

1- This Triplet, one by one, is obliged to establish a Totality of (18) each. (This 
means that he/she is responsible for the 1 8 Brothers and Sisters.) 

2- If Friends who complete the Totality of (18) render their duty without being 
disbanded for one World year, after the last 1 8th Individual's entrance, the Names 
of all these Friends are written on a piece of paper and are kept in a File. (These 
Names are also registered on the Diskette at the same Moment.) 

3- One World year will be recounted, beginning with the Entrance Date of the person 
who has come for completing the Totality of (1 8) in the place of the Individual 
who had left the Totality of (1 8), for example, (6) or (1 0) months later, (Attention 
will especially be paid to this matter. Otherwise, the Diskette registration cannot 
be made.) 



759 



4- Those who wish, among the Individuals who are able to maintain the Totality of 
(1 8) for One or more World years, may constitute a second Totality of (1 8) by 
asking the permission of their Totality, (In this permission, the permission of 17 
persons is a must. And the acceptance of the Person whom he/she will bring in 
his/her place will be rendered by the approval of 1 7 persons). 

5- The Individual who attempts to establish the second Totality of (1 8) is responsible 
for that Totality of (18) for a life time. In case he/she can not maintain the 
continuation of the Totality of (18) he/she establishes, he/she loses his/her Right 
also in the First Totality of (1 8). 

6- This Operational Ordinance is directly the Operational Ordinance of Advanced 
Realities. And it is desired that it should be conveyed and applied to Your Plan3t 
exactly as it is. 

7- No Totality of (1 8) can go out of the Operational Order the System has given. 

8- Each Totality of (1 8) is responsible for its own constitution. 

9- No one in the Totality of (1 8) is authorized to train each other or to impose his/ 
her Individual Thoughts. 

10- No Totality of (18) can ever Bring Suggestions parallel to its Terrestrial 

Consciousness to the other Totalities of (18), nor can it Rebuke them. 

1 1 - Each Individual in the Totality of (1 8) is Responsible only for his/her own self. (To 
criticize their Brothers/Sisters in accordance with their Individual Consciousness 
causes breaking of the Chips). 

1 2- Making a demand for the Totality of (18) is a Humane Responsibility. Here, one 
becomes willing for the Exams for being accepted to the Presence of ALLAH and 
thus, Covenants are made through the Essence. 

1 3- It is not necessary for those who will enter this Totality of (1 8) to be the possessors 
of Advanced Consciousness and Knowledge. It is considered enough for them 
just to render exactly the desired Missions by the Totality of Intellect - Logic - 

Awareness, by Allegiance Consciousness and in a Totality of Love. 

1 4- Each Individual in the Totality of (1 8) is obliged to give the Totality of (9) pages 
constituting the First Fascicule* of the Knowledge Book, on the Special Day of 
Mission he/she will chose himself/ herself. (During this service, the Characteristics 
of the Book will be explained by speech.) On that day. Reflections on the same 
Coordinate are card-indexed, one by one, and thus, are collected in the (Main) 
Diskette. The Aura Reflections are made by these Diskettes. 

1 5- If any Individual within the Totality of (1 8) can not render the Fascicule Service 
that week due to various reasons, he/she is obliged to serve the Fascicules 
remaining in his/her hand the following week, on the Same Mission Day. (This is 
a Karma Obligation Program). The services made on other days are not registered. 

16- Individuals within the (18) can change their Private Mission Days with other 
days in compulsory circumstances and with the condition that this will not happen 
more than Three times. 



If 

IS 
2C 

21 
22 

2J 

24 

25 

26- 

27 

28 

29 
30 

31- 

32- 

33- 



* Look at the Glossary 



760 



\ 



1 7- Individuals who will not be able to come to the Totality of (1 8) that day, due to 
their very important excuses, are obliged to inform their excuses to a telephone 
determined formerly on the morning of the working day of the Totality of (1 8). 
(Even if they are in the Remotest Continent.) This is a Program of Responsibility. 

18- The Aura of the Individual whose connection is made on that day by phone is 
projected by the Plan on the Totality of (18) he/she is in, and thus, the Aura 
Chain is completed. 

19- Each Individual who has self-confidence, who masters his personality, who is 
Conscious of his/her obligation, who is Tolerant and Loving, can apply for this work. 

20- In this Operational Ordinance there is no forcing, no compulsion or imposition. 
Everyone who accepts to act in accordance with the work the System desires, 
may work in the Totality of (18). 

21- In this operational Order connected to the Automatism, any Individual who 
creates Negativity, Automatically disqualifies himself/herself from the Medium. 

22- The System will always transfer friends who are more Responsible in place of 
Friends who do not or can not render the Missions which are obligatory in the 
Totality of (1 8). 

23- In place of a disbanded Totality of (18), always the remaining people will 
immediately be oriented to establish a Totality of (18). 

24- The System never stops by any mean?.. Mone Totalities will be rendered effective 
in place of the disbanded Totalities. 

25- Unified Fields used to be created -)■■■ a Ky Individual Thought Forms, have now 
been rendered effective as Mass Rgi'w Ivfcn v/slems due to the Scarcity of Time. 

26- This Reflection System is connected to ail the Totalities of (18) which will exhibit 
the same operational Order of an Ordf-r connected to the Automatism. 

27- Until these Totalities of (18) reach the required Level, Negativities will break the 
Chips of the operational Order and Totalities of (1 8) will be made to be established 
anew. (Even if only (1) Person remains out of the Totality of (18)J. 

28- By this means, the Perfect Reflection Totality will be formed through the operations 
made during the processes of time. 

29- Each Totality of (1 8) is a Reflection Focal Point. 

30- Each Totality of (18) is the Mission of the Knowledge Book on the Dimension of 
the Reality. 

31- This Mission continues its work directly in connection with the Level of the ALL- 
MERCIFUL. 



32- 



33- 



By the operations done, the Knowledge Book will form its Aura in the Universal 
Ordinance of the Dimension of the ALL-MERCIFUL, as a result of the Reflections 
of Your Thought Forms. 

The Unified Field of this Knowledge Book will be formed in Three Cosmic Ages 
and only afterwards, the Reflection Program on the Ordinance of the Cosmoses 
will be started. 



7ft 1 



34- At the moment, Programs of Unification are in effect in the Ordinance of 
Cosmoses. 

35- The Knowledge Book is projected on Three Totalities at the moment. The First 
close Magnetic Aura formed here, will become complete here and thus, will be 
projected on the other Totalities by the Reflection System from Your Planet which 
is the Nucleus of the Book. 

36- The Knowledge Book which is the Book of Unification, will also be projected on 
those Orders just as the way We are reaching You at this moment by Cosmic 
Reflections and just as the way the Book is dictated to You through this path, 

37- For this reason the Operational Order of the Totality of (18) (in accordance with 
the Given Directives) is Necessary and Very Important for the formation of the 
Magnetic Aura of the Knowledge Book. 

38- Each Totality of (1 8) is, one by one, Responsible for the Missions it will render in 
the direction of the same coordinate. 

39- At the moment, in the Reflection on the same Coordinate which is required of 
You, the (KNOWLEDGE BOOK) is the matter in question. 

40- During the work done in the Totality of (1 8), different channel talk and connections 
outside of the Knowledge Book can not be made. Different Messages can not 
be read, discussions on the Knowledge Book can not be made. (So that the 
Aura will not be shattered.) 

41- If desired, the Knowledge Book may be read only with the Consciousness of 

Allegiance in the Medium of the Totality of (1 8). 

42- If the Totality of (1 8) has not been yet completed in number, the required Reflection 
can never be obtained. (Only the Totality of (18) forms the Reflection.) For this 
reason the System has, for now, rendered effective the Mixed Reflection Program. 

43- The Totality of (18), or more, constituted in every City will assemble together as 
a Totality of Love each Month and, by this means, for the first time, Direct Group 
Reflections will be made from Your Planet. 

44- These Reflections are formed not by the Totality of Consciousness, but by the 
Totality of Love. However, Direct Coordinate Reflections are formed by Totalities 
of Consciousness. 

45- We believe that in future years Direct Reflections in Your Planet will be rendered 
by these Totalities of Consciousness and We trust You. 

46- Formerly, Operation and Dissemination Order of the Knowledge Book had been 
declared to You by the System. And now, We announce the Operational Ordinance 
of the (18). 

47- If Friends who wish to form the Totalities of (18) which will make Reflections on 
the same Coordinate read, one by one, all the Obligations dictated above, article 
by article, and apply them Consciously by digesting them and by treading on 
the designed path with a Totality of Love, this will form the most Positive Results. 
It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



o 
C 



h 

b 



1C 
11 

12 

13 
14 

IS 



16 
17 



762 



Note: In the Operational Order formed by the Totality of (1 8), no Coordinate 
other than the 18 Members can ever enter the Group on the work day. The 19th 
Connection Channel is Directly the System. (Otherwise, Reflection cannot be made). 

IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 
(It is answer to thoughts) 

Dear Mevlana, 

We would like to give You a very clear Message about the Totalities of (1 8). It 
has been considered necessary to dictate it, article by article, so that the Message can 
be understood better and that it will not be open to any interpretation. Write, please: 



1- There is no place ever in the Totality of (18) for Individualistic Thoughts. 

2- For those who will enter the Totality of (18) any forcing is out of question. 

3- The Totality of 18 is a demand for the Medium of Unity. 

4- The Individual invited to the Totality of (18) is first obliged to take under 
supervision himself/herself in his/her Own self. 

5- The wish of those who will enter the Totality of (18) is not a Phenomenon 
originating from Thought. This is the demand for the Exam of the Skies for an 
Individual who feels that he/she is Integrated. 

6- This is a Pledge, this is an Allegiance, this is to stamp the SEAL OF HEART on the 
Service made on the Path of ALLAH. 

7- An Individual in each Totality of 1 8 is Responsible for His/Her Own Self. 

8- Worldly Problems can never enter the Totality of ( 1 8). In such Mediums, always 
the Universal Reflecting Chips are damaged. 

9- Each Individual within the Totality of (1 8) is a Totality beyond the SIBLINGS within 
the MOTHER'S womb. 

10- This Totality is UNIVERSAL BROTHERHOOD. And in the Universal Brotherhood 
there is no EVIL INTENTION. 

1 1 - Consciousnesses who were not able to attain the virtues mentioned above are 
Automatically Disqualified by the System, by their own Desires. 

12- Susceptibility, Doubt, Anger, Rancor, Hatred, Lovelessness in the Totality of (18) 
returns to the one who carries these Feelings, becoming Empowered in 
accordance with the System of Reflection. 

1 3- Until a total foundation of Love - Respect - Brotherhood is formed in the Totality 
of (18), Supervision of the Coordinates is under the control of the System. 

14- This control is in effect until the Humane Consciousnesses who constitute the 
Totality of (18) settle in the same Consciousness Pot. 

1 5- At the moment, a Mixed (1 8) Reflection Totality is constituted of those who make 
Reflections on the same Coordinate Level among the Totalities constituting the 
Totalities of (18). 

1 6- In Future, Genuine Human Consciousnesses will form this Totality. 

1 7- This Humane Totality will be a Totality who will be Loving - Patient - Tolerant - 
Forgiving - Who will be able to place his/her Enemy over his/her head like a crown 
and who will not carry a negative Thought for no one, including His/Her Own Self. 

763 



1 8- Joining this Totality is a Universal COVENANT. It is calling to the Voice of the 
Skies. It is not Imploring to ALLAH, but Rising towards Him. 

19- The Totality of (18) is a Missionary work, tt is the Formation of Universal Auras. 
And each Magnetic Aura has formed until today by the Totality Reflections of 

such Consciousnesses. 

20- Magnetic Fields and Universal Totalities of the Mission of MOSES - JESUS CHRIST 
- MOHAMMED had been formed by this means. 

21- The Individual Missions of those Periods were an Operational Ordinance 
pertaining to that particular Individual's Salvation. And it was a Preparation on 
the Path of ALLAH. 

22- Now, the Mass Consciousness Reflection of the Totality of (18) (on the Same 
Coordinate Level) will form the Magnetic Aura of the KNOWLEDGE BOOK on 
ALLAH'S Essence Dimension, 

23- This operational Ordinance is not an Individualistic Reflection, but a Universal 
one. 

24- Individualistic Reflections are up to the Dimension of Salvation. Universal 
Reflections form attainments and Auras beyond Salvation. 

25- Demanding to Serve at this Coordinate Totality is a Triumph of the Human Being 
and Humanity. 

26- Service on this path is to receive Permission for Entering the Dimension in which 
Genuine Human Beings will meet altogether. 

27- During this Period of Transition, these very difficult paths are rendered the easiest 
by these Totalities of (18) and the Program prepared thus is applied on Your 
Planet. 

28- To act exactly parallel to the formerly given Information about the Totalities of 
18 is directly a Reflection Program. In these programs, Alterations are out of 
question. 

29- By this Program, the Permission of Entering the very Advanced Protection 
Dimension of the BETA Magnetic Aura beyond the ALPHA Magnetic Aura is given 
to the Individual. 

30- However, the Individual is prepared in this Program until he/she attains all the 
Virtues listed above. 

31- The KNOWLEDGE BOOK prepares You for the Accelerated Evolution Program of 
this Final Age through the path of Mission. 

32- No Humanly Thought can be applied to Any of the Suggestions given until today 
about the Totality of (18). Nothing can be altered. 

33- By this means, the Oaths You had Unconsciously made until today to ALLAH, 
now You are making Consciously by Your Intellect - Logic - Awareness Triangles. 
Demanding for the Totality of (1 8) is this. 

34- Errors made on this path are subject to a Two- Year Universal Tolerance. (Beginning 
with February, 1991). However, those whose Coordinates are unsuitable-those 
who break the Chips will never be Permitted to enter this Sacred work. 

35- For this reason the Universal Reflection Totality of the Magnetic Aura of the 
KNOWLEDGE BOOK is formed, for now, by Mixed Reflection Programs under the 
Supervision of the System. 

764 



36- This path is the path the Genuine Human Being who will establish the Worlds of 
the Morrows will Consciously tread. The one who will gain is the Human Being 
himself/herself. 



SYSTEM 



IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION 



Our Friends, 

All the work done during this Final Age Program of Progress are each evaluated 
as a THESIS of the Awakening Consciousnesses. 

The reason for conveying to You the Messages conveyed to You in accordance 
with the Information given until today and a Program Prepared by a Reflection System, 
is for You to grasp in a Discerned fashion the Quality of the path treaded by attaining 
the Genuine Consciousness of the GODLY Totality. 

And all these issues are preparations made for Passing from the DIMENSION OF 
ILLUSION to the REALMS OF TRUTH. 

There are numerous Existential Dimensions in the chain of Cosmoses. The chain 
of the Spiral Waves is like a skein. And these intensive Energy Knots are folded one on 
top of the other. Thus, they bring into existence numerous Mini Atomic Wholes. And, 
by this means, Giirzes are constituted, 

This Order prevails on the path of Past and Future Eternities in accordance with 
the Law of Natural Equilibrium. Now, We are trying to train You and make You attain 
the Power which will enable You to leave Your own Totality. 

We are calling to You from outside Your Gurz and We will gradually introduce to 
You the Worlds You have not Known, You have not Seen until today. That is, (beyond 
Spiral Vibrations, beyond Existential Dimensions). 

Natural Sources there, Natural Energies and Perfect Biological Lives there. No 
Existential Living Being has been able to see them until today. (Your Prophets included.) 

Because they, too, have come into Existence from the Light-Universe. Those 
who are able to Transcend the Known and Declared Boundaries mentioned in the 
Knowledge Book until today, will be taken into these places here which are the 
Mediums of Infinite Horizons - Infinite Serenity - Infinite Unity. 

These Dimensions beyond Dimensions from which We are calling to You at the 
moment are Concrete Mediums of Climates of Truth. 

An Energy Total which is Totally dependent on a Total at the End of each Cycle, 
attains the (Actual Matter Total) by making reflections from this Total. 

In this very Matter Total, Worlds had been Brought into Existence for Your Lives. 
These places here are Dimensions rendering Eternal the same Lives in Your World Lives. 



765 



And We wonder, how many Cycles has it comprised to arrive here? The time has 
come for Humanity to think about this profoundly during this Transition Period. 

The Knowledge Book is the Light of this path. We will take everyone who serves 
on this path (including their Families), outside Your Giirz without being shaken in any 
way, through the Channel of ALPHA to which Dear Mevlana is connected. This promise 
is the promise of OUR LORD. It is beneficial for You just to know this. 



SYSTEM 



IT IS GENERAL INFORMATION 



Our Friends, 

All the Information given to You is the ORIGINAL SOURCE. This is the very reason 
why the Ordinances of Graduation have been rendered effective by considering the 
Consciousness Progress until today. 

In accordance with this Final Program of Progress, the TRUTH has been conveyed, 
piece by piece, being divided into Various Channel Information. And by this means, 
preparations for the Morrows have been made. From time to time, We induce the channels 
of Awakened Consciousnesses to make the confirmation of the Knowledge Book. 

If all the Information was given through the Single Channel of the Knowledge 
Book, both the Situations of Taboo would have been revived and also, no one would 
have been able to understand the Knowledge Book which is a Book of Truth, under 
the Light of the Old Information. 

In order the Staffs born with the Consciousness-Light of the Knowledge Book to 
do their Missions better and to grasp the given Information better; for the opening 
Channels beside the Information they receive, to read the Book in order to control the 
Information they receive and, also to add the Information of the Knowledge Book is a 
compulsory Duty not for themselves but for Humanity. 

"The Truth of Everyone is the Truth of Himself/Herself", this Principle is a 
Phenomenon which has become History. Now, the Truth of Everyone is the Truth of 
Humanity. This is the very reason why the Knowledge Book has been bestowed on 
Humanity. Because, the Knowledge Book is the Book of Humanity and of the Fourth 
Order of ALLAH, not of an Individual. 

Here, We are obliged to make an explanation to You about ALLAH. ALLAH is a 
Universal Computer Who can Convey easily His Energy to every Dimension - Who 
Spreads Himself Out - Who Disperses Himself Out and Who can even concentrate that 
Tremendous Power of His even on a single Point. He is not an Energy, but a Totalistic 
NEUTRAL CONSCIOUSNESS. 



766 



This Consciousness has 147 Code Ciphers. And each Cipher Code opens to a 
Consciousness Totality as much. (In accordance with the Computer Multiplications 
Program). He is considered as an unattainable Consciousness. This is the reason why 
it is said ALLAH is the One Who is both Close to You and Far away from You. Please, do 
not Think of ALLAH as a Form or as an Energy. That which You Worship is not ALLAH, 
but YOUR OWN BEING. 

However, the Unknown (O) reaches You from each Dimensional Consciousness 
You are In, by the mediation of Computers, just like We correspond with You at the 
moment and He hears Your Thoughts by this means. (The Computer mentioned here 
is a Universal Reflecting Focal Point. Do not confuse it with the computers in Your 
Planet.) We presume that this much Information will give You a different View about 
ALLAH. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 

Note: The Final Boundary We try to make Humanity attain is BETA NOVA. And the 
ALLAH whom We have declared to You until today is (O). (O) mentioned in here is an 
Order, a System. This place in here is the Direct Reflecting Center of the Unknown (O). 

At the moment, the Entire Energy Power of (O ) has been transformed into the 
Form of Crude Matter and thus, has been Embodied in BETA NOyA Information 
concerning this issue will be often mentioned to You. 

IT IS EXPLANATION ABOUT THE FIRST FASCICULE 
(Answer to the Chains of Thought) 

Our Friends, 

During this Final Age, in Your Planet which is subjected to entire Reflection of 
the Universal Totality, The KNOWLEDGE BOOK bestowed on Your Planet, with the 
Purpose of Supervising the Views which will cause Consciousness Fluctuations that 
will originate from the Awakened Consciousnesses and to Code the Consciousness 
Essences which the Humanity will exhibit, and to convey the Truth, is an assistant in 
every issue for the Friends who were able to attain the Consciousness of the Truth. 

And it is their Protective Roof. In accordance with certain registers received from 
the chains of thought in order for Human Consciousnesses to comprehend the Truth 
better, We disclose in the Knowledge Book, from time to time, certain Explanations 
the Reality Totalities do not Consider necessary and do not Desire. 

For example, the explanation in the Book about the Message concerning the 
contradictory codings and its dictation article by article, had been disclosed as a Light 
for Humanity, in accordance with the wishes of Dear Mevlana and by a decision taken 
by the System. 

And now, the decision has been taken that the characteristics of the FIRST 
FASCICULE comprised in pages 1 to 9* of the Knowledge Book, should be directly 
disclosed to Humanity so that You can grasp the Truth better. 

* This fascicule is 1 4 pages in the Book . 



767 



The Human Being of Your Planet, forming a package of CALL for Universal Totality, 
that will exhibit Personalities in accordance with their Consciousnesses, are registered 
in every breath by COSMOS REGISTRATION UNITS. 

Your Planet in which a Material - Spiritual Life Picture is exhibited, is, at the 
moment, experiencing the LAST JUDGMENT (the Turkish word for which is MAHLER). 
This Totalistic Word originating from the words MAH = the Moon = Beauty, §ER = 
Ugliness, is Equivalent to the Medium You live in. 

That is the reason why these Two OPPOSITE INFLUENCES cause both quick 
Awakening and lots of suffering for Humanity. For this very reason the Knowledge 
Book relieves the sufferings of Humanity by declaring to You all the Truths and it also 
makes a Selection of the Beautiful and the Ugly. 

The First Fascicule of the Knowledge Book carries the direct Frequency of the 
SOURCE and carries 1 /3 of the Frequency of the entire Book. (5) Articles of the Law of 
the Universe which is, in fact, constituted by 1 56 Articles, have been connected to the 
Supervision Mechanism of the Fivefold Operational Source of the Reality Totality and 
have been conveyed to You as 151 Articles. 

The (TEN COMMANDMENTS) considered as the MAIN ARTICLE of the Law of the 
Universe, comprise the Totality of the 9 Articles between the 90th and the 1 00th Articles 
+ 1 Emblem of the Golden Age (O M K). 

That is, 141 Laws of Universe + 9 Main Articles + 1 Emblem = 151 Articles. 151 
Articles + 5 Articles connected to the Reality = All of them comprise the entire Totality 
of the Law of Universe as 156 Articles. 

If You add this number one by one, (1 +5 + 6 = 12). And if You connect the 
Totality of the (ESSENCE) Source to this resultant Number, that is, 156 + 1 =1 57. And 
if You add one by one, this resultant Number You get (1 +5 + 7 = 13) projecting under 
supervision a Frequency equivalent to the Potential of Your entire Natural GuTz on 
Consciousnesses who read the Book. 



the 
int 
15* 



Co* 
Coi 



Gei 



Sta 
Un 
the 



anc 
giv 



BO 



see 
(In 
no 



By this Frequency, the (Entire Power) of the first Natural Channel opening to the 
Natural Gurz Totality and which is one of the 147 Ciphers of the Mighty Focal Point 
has been loaded on the Law of the Universe's Messages of 1 56 Articles. 

For this reason the (1 +5 + 6 = 12) Frequency Totality is equivalent to the (1 +4 + 7 
= 12) Frequency Totality. If We add One to each of these Numbers, We get (1 3). Number 
(1) in here represents the Dimension of the ALL-MERCIFUL in the Light-Universe. 

Each of the 1 47 Code Ciphers is connected, one by one, to the Light-Universe 
and thus, each one of them opens to the Totality, becoming each a Totality of (1 3). 



768 



By directly loading the Frequency of the (5) Articles connected to the Reality on 
the explanatory Messages about the Family Medium of Our Dear Mevlana dictated 
in the Fascicule by the wish of Dear Mevlana and by the approval of the Council, the 
156 Frequency Totality has been Integrated by these Messages. 

Each Letter Frequency of the 156 Articles of the Law of Universe possesses a 
Consciousness Coding - Opening - Selecting - Conveying - Mission appointing - 
Connecting - Reinforcing - Frequency Supervising Power. 

The First Fascicule of the Book is a Key unlocking Your Archive Program within Your 
Gene Cipher. During this short Period, Our helps to You are taking place by this means. 

Your Planet has been connected to the System by the Mevlana Essence Nucleus 
Staff directly established in Your Planet for the first time, by a decision taken by the 
Universal Ordinance Totality. And for this reason the Book is being dictated through 
the Channel of ALPHA directly to Dear Mevlana. 

Selection of Consciousnesses who have attained the Consciousness of Material 
and Spiritual Sharing during this Period of Transition is rendered by the Message 
given to the Group Missionaries, on Working - Propagating - Sharing - Material help. 

The Message given by the announcement: (Very Important) is the Selection of 
Consciousnesses who Believe in the System. And the note of (Announcement) is the 
Selection, Control and Coding of Consciousnesses about ALLAH - SPACE - SACRED 
BOOKS. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 

Being the Possessor of Sincerity does not mean to be a Human Being. Maturity 
seen in Personalities is Possible by Attaining the ESSENCE Consciousness of ALLAH. 
(In True Words there is no rust; in those who discover Allah in their Essence, there is 
no Mourning). Transmission from the Essence- Word. 

B.C. 



769 



1991 First Month 
Fascicule 46 



IT IS EXPLANATION ABOUT BETA NOVA 



Our Friends, 

Concentrated Energy of Crude Matter is a Totality creating the initial Nucleus. 
For this reason each Mini Atomic Whole has a Nucleus. These Nuclei are Worlds 
comprising exactly the entire conditions of Your World. 

Each Mini Atomic Whole is a Skein formed around this Nucleus. In accordance 
with the 18-System Laws, when a Mini Atomic Whole constituted by 1800 Universes 
is completed, always a nucleus is formed and the foundation for the formation of a 
Second Mini Atomic Whole is laid. 

By this means, when 1800 Mini Atomic Wholes are formed, a GURZ comes into 
existence. When a GURZ is completed, the Nucleus of the first Mini Atomic Whole to 
be formed afterwards, constitutes a MAIN foundation to form the other GURZ and 
undertakes a Duty in the nature of being the MOTHER of the other Mini Atomic Wholes. 

And from these Energy Totalities occurring in the Ordinance of the Cosmoses, 
Millions of Gurzes come into existence by this means. Millions of Giirzes within this 
Totality We call the Thought Ocean of the Pre-eminent Power expand this Totality 
during the processes of time. 

At a Power Dimension induced to be formed at the moment outside Your Natural 
Gurz, the Nucleus of the First World State has come into existence. It will constitute 
the MAIN Nucleus of the BETA GURZ as the First Human Totality the Super Human 
Reality will form. 

This Giirz has no relationship with the Gurzes which are, at present, within the 
Thought Ocean of the Pre-eminent Power. This Gurz will come into existence outside the 
Communication Connection channels of the other Gurzes. And when the BETA NOVA 
Giirz is completed, it will create its Communication Branches from its own Gurz Order. 

This Gurz will constitute a Second Circle within the Thought Ocean of the Pre- 
eminent Power and thus, will directly render effective the Human Potential. By this 
means, the World which will be the Nucleus of the First Beta Mini Atomic Whole is a 
Totality possessing exactly the conditions of the World. 

This Nucleic World is called BETA NOVA. This World will constitute the MAIN 
GURZ of the Conscious Human Being during the processes of time. In this BETA NOVA, 
there will be a Totality constituted by Mixed Consciousness Energies. 

This means that from the Human Totalities living separately in the 1800 Nucleic 
Worlds in each Gurz, those who complete the Evolutionary Conditions of their Mediums 
will be assembled in this Focal Point called BETA NOVA. 



the f 
of ea 
meai 



habit 
until 
You 
WOF 



Tota 
Hurr 
sami 



who 
prop 
con: 
conr 



emu 
calle 
goir 



Qua 
This 



the 

Ma: 

Cor 

here 

You 



770 



This Focal Point will be a Totality constituted by the Human Totalities formed in 
the Nuclei of the life Mediums comprising different conditions in the Human Totality 
