by this means. And now, in all the operations made in Your Planet on the path of 
Universal Totality and Unification, the Mission of the KNOWLEDGE BOOK which is 
rendered effective, will first Reflect on the Total of Your Planet and later, on the Ordinance 
of the Cosmoses, by the Universal Aura it will form. 

However, the System has constituted 1 8 Totalities of 1 8 for the first time during 
this Final Period and thus, has rendered Effective a more speedy Program of Reflection 
due to the Scarcity of Time and thus, has Fortified the Aura of the KNOWLEDGE BOOK 
even more. 



t 



Due to the fact that Dear Mevlana who has been rendered responsible to form 
the First Reflection Network in Your Planet on this path, is a Messenger of the System, 
she has formed the Aura of the KNOWLEDGE BOOK in 3 Cities of the Anatolian Turkey 
(Izmir - Istanbul - Ankara), by the Positive operations she has rendered up until today. 

For this reason the right to establish 18 Totalities of 18 has been given to these 
3 Cities, by the Council of the Universal Ordinance, However, the right of the Totality 
of 1 8 of the Cities which cannot form a Coordinate Totality on the path the System 
desires until World Year 1996, will all be transferred to the City in which a More 
Powerful Reflection Aura has been formed and thus, the Reflection Program from the 
SINGLE Center will become Effective. 

The 18 Totalities of 18 are a very Powerful Network of Reflection which will be 
formed by 324 Individuals on the path of the KNOWLEDGE BOOK, in the direction of 
the same Coordinate and Consciousness until the Year 2000, will form the very Positive 
and very Powerful Aura of the KNOWLEDGE BOOK in Your Planet and at the Ordinance 
of the Universes. 

In each Successful operational Staff in Your Planet (even if they do not seem to 
be a Whole), the Reflections of 18 Collective Consciousnesses on the same Coordinate 
are always present. The moment negativities start in the Consciousness Coordinates 
of a Totality of 18, that Totality is inevitably doomed to disband. 

During this Final Age, everyone in Your Planet who can receive the Cosmic 
Currents according to his/her Level of Consciousness, is in a state to inevitably exhibit 
his/her Genuine Personality. This is an inevitable end. The Human Being will know 
the Human Being more closely by this means. 

This is the very reason why many State Totalities disband and Totalities which 
share the same View - the same Coordinate come together. 

The perfect World State of the morrows will be formed by Federative Totalities 
which will share the same Consciousness Totality. And these Totalities will establish a 
Happy World State in which Blissful People will live, by rendering effective a Democratic 
Order which will be governed in the form of Cantons. 



962 



'J.!.,. 



For the first Projective 1 8 Totalities of 1 8 which are the Responsible Staff of the 
mission of the KNOWLEDGE BOOK, to share the same Consciousness, to Reflect from 
the same coordinate is a Universal Obligation of theirs. 

The Totality of 18 has such an operational Ordinance connected to the Automatism 
that no Individual in Your Planet until this moment was able to attain its Consciousness. 
First of all, even being able to enter the Totality of 18 is a matter of Permission. 

No one who does not receive the Command of the Heart can ever enter this 
Totality of 1 8. In the Totality of 1 8, everyone is Responsible for Himself/ Herself. Up 
until today, numerous Messages have been given to You about the 1 8s. However, 
unfortunately, Human Consciousnesses grasp the Truth very slowly. 

For this reason the SUPREME MECHANISM which felt the need to add the Book a 
Fascicule comprising the Messages pertaining to the Totalities of 18 at the end of the 
KNOWLEDGE BOOK, wishes Success to all the Terrestrial Brothers and Sisters in the 
operations which will be rendered on this Path. 

UNIVERSAL ORDINANCE COUNCIL 
IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

During the distribution of the Fascicules of the Knowledge Book, the Fascicule given 
in any normal day, connects the Aura of the Friend who receives the Fascicule directly to 
the Reality. And the Archive of that Person there is opened and he/she is taken into the 
Program of Accelerated Evolution. (Positive and Negative events which will be experienced 
are an Occurrence pertaining to the Karma and Evolution of that Person.) 

But the Fascicules given within the Totality of 18 during the Conscious Mission 
day, connects the Aura of the person who receives the Fascicule to Your Aura. And 
that Friend is card-indexed to Your Thought Reflection System. By this means, Your 
Positive or Negative Thoughts, too, are Reflected on that Friend. 

This is a great Responsibility. For this reason it is required that You should never 
have Negative Thoughts during the operations of the 1 8 and not to make Channel 
Reflections of different Frequencies. And for this reason Mature Personalities are 
expected of the Totalities of 18. 

The Program of the Friend connected to the Reality is connected entirely to the 
Reality. However, if the Friend who is connected to Your Aura has an intensive Karma 
Program, his/her Karma is alleviated by connecting him/her to Your Dimension of 
Intercession. This is a Program. The Intercession of the Prophets, too, mentioned in 
the Sacred Books is a Program connected to the same System. It is presented for Your 
Information. 

SYSTEM 



963 



IT IS NOTICE FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 

Our Friends, 

The Reflection Networks which are an immutable Rule of the Universal Totality, 
constitute a Total by the Unification of different Auras. For this reason the Reflection 
Center of 1 8 of each Totality effectively give service always as a Direct Projective Center. 

In each Period, Suggestions given parallel to the operational Ordinances 
constituted in accordance with the Social Consciousnesses, are operations the Universal 
Mechanism expects of that Social Totality. 

Without going into the depth of the Information We have given to You until 
today about the Totalities of 1 8, We have dictated, article by article, the things expected 
of You in accordance with the Main Features (These articles will be repeated again in 
this Fascicule). 

However, as a matter of fact, since the Human Consciousnesses are taken into 
the Program of Purification due to the Cosmic Reflections they receive and thus, since 
each Individual is unable to Discipline himself/herself, exhibiting himself/herself in 
accordance with his/her Personality, the System cannot receive the result it wishes at 
the moment from the Central Reflection Aura of the KNOWLEDGE BOOK We are trying 
to form in Your Planet. 

For this very reason presently the Mixed Program is applied and thus, the Frequencies 
of the same Coordinates are brought together and reflected on the Universal Reflection 
Networks. In future years, the Totalities of 1 8 which will be established by more Conscious 
and Evolved Friends will take in hand the Direct Universal Reflections. 

Now, let Us mention the characteristics of these Totalities of 1 8 to You a little more 
clearly and let Us dictate them article by article, so that they can be understood better; 

1 - At the moment, that which is required of the Totalities of 1 8 is to render the 

Mission of the KNOWLEDGE BOOK. And this Totality is obliged to form the 
Magnetic Aura of the Knowledge Book. 

2 - Each Totality of 18 is obliged to make Reflection on the same Coordinate. 

3 - Each Totality of 1 8 is obliged to work completely on the path of the KNOWLEDGE 

BOOK. The old Religious or different Channel Auras can never enter this 
Medium. Channelling and Seances can not be made. Otherwise the Aura can 
not form. 

4- Those who cannot harmonize themselves with the Coordinates within the 
Totality of 1 8, are rendered ineffective by their own Wishes being connected to 
the Automatism (This is a System). 

5 - At the Centers of the Totalities of 18, both Positive and Negative Frequencies are 

dependent on the Program of Reflection (ONE TO A THOUSAND). (This is a System). 

6 - For this reason unless Mature Personalities are formed in the Totality of 18, 

that Totality will never be able to reach the desired Level, 

964 



. 






■B&. 



7 - Within the Totality of 1 8, each Individual is only Responsible for Himself/Herself. 

8 - if anyone of the Friends within the Totality of 18 generates Negative (even if he/ 

she only Thinks about it), he/she makes it registered on H is/Her Own Diskette. In 
case he/she generates too much Negative, then he/she breaks his/her Diskette. 

9 - In case of each Diskette breaking, a Point of Unevolvedness is registered for 

the Individual. And that Individual is transferred to the Program of Attaining 
through Experience. 

10 - No one in the Totality of 18 is the Leader, no one can claim ownership of that 

Totality. 

11 - Everyone in the Totality of 18 is Responsible for the line of His/Her Own path. 

No one can get out of His/Her Own line and violate the other line. 

1 2 - No one in the Totality of 1 8 can give Advice to each other- can Criticize each 

other- and can Accuse each other- can talk Against each other. 

13 - The one who Accuses in the Totality of 18 is responsible for His/Her Own 

Diskette. In case the one who is Accused does not keep silent by acting Maturely, 
the MAIN AURA REGISTER DISKETTE of that Totality is broken. 

14 - The Universal Totality executes Special Constitutions in accordance with the 

degrees of Maturity of each Totality of 18. 

1 5 - In accordance with these Constitutions, either Sanction is applied on the Totality 

of 18, or this Croup is made to disband regarding the number of times the 
Main Aura Diskette is broken. 

1 6 - The disbanding of the First Three within the Totality of 1 8 is the cause for the 

Disbanding of the group. However, if this Totality resists against disbanding, 
then the Main Aura Registration Diskette is never again allotted to them, even 
if they themselves act like a Totality of 1 8. 

1 7 - As long as Negative Accusations continue within the Totality of 1 8, the System 
can never accept that Totality of 1 8 as a Total. 

18 - The System accepts that gathering, as a Group, until an operational Ordinance 

of an 18 comes into effect in accordance with the Desires of the Divine Plan. 

1 9 - For this reason presently the System Administers the Reflections of the 1 8s from 

its own Totality, by rendering effective a Mixed Reflection Program. 

20 - There is no Permission by any means for Individual Actions within a Totality of 

18. Everything will be dealt with the Approval of a Collective Totality. 

21 - If it is not acted in accordance with the Mission required of the Totality of 1 8, 

then that Totality is doomed to Disband. 

22 - The Decisions of Acceptance of the Friends who will enter the Totality of 1 8 

belongs to the Fundamental Totality of 6 which is under the Supervision of the 
System until the Year 2000. 

23 - After the Year 2000, Friends who will be accepted into the Totality of 18 will be 

proposed to the Totality. Decisions and Acceptances will be Collective. 



965 



24 - Each Totality of 18 is obliged to make a Collective CONSTITUTION among 

themselves. 

25 - Each Individual within the Totality of 18 is obliged to conform to this 

Constitution. Those who cannot conform, leave the Totality by their Own 
Wishes. 

26 - In case those who cannot conform to their Constitutions within the Totality of 

18 do not want to leave that Totality, they are rendered ineffective by Collective 
Croup Decision. 

27 - (In Unavoidable Circumstances in which there is no bad intention), each Totality 

of 18 may grant Permission by Collective Decision to the Friends among them 
(for the duration of the period the Individual wishes). 

28 - The Duration of the Permission must not exceed 6 Months. During this Period, 

the Reflection Frequency of the Individual is directed by the System. 

29 - The Individual who gets the Permission from the Group of 1 8 is Definitely obliged 

to solve his/her problems during the Period of Leave he/she has demanded. 
Because, the Promise he/she has made is registered on the Diskette as a 
Universal Covenant. 

30 - Each Friend within the Totality of 1 8 can use this Period of Leave of 6 Months, 

in very unavoidable circumstances, by dividing it into Three intervals. 

31 - If an Individual who receives Permission from his/her Croup cannot solve his/ 

her problems during the period of time he/she has asked, he/she is obliged to 
leave his/her group. Because, the Right to enter the group will be given to 
other Friends. 

32 - The Magnetic Aura of the Knowledge Book is a Roof of the Universal Unification. 

And the very serious Responsibility of the Totalities of 18 are considered from 
this point of view. 

33 - The Maturity and Honesty We expect of the Friends within the Totality of 1 8 is 

due to the fact that We would like to see them as Friends Deserving this Medium. 

34 - Not superficial but profound influence of these words on Consciousnesses 

introduce Us the Genuine Human Beings. 

35 - Operations which will be made within the Totality of 18 without Disbanding for 

One World Year, will be a Triumph of the Individuals and of Humanity. 

36 - Otherwise, a Friend leaves Your Medium even One Day before the Year is up 

and the skein is winded up anew. 

37 - It means that the Totality of 1 8 which has not disbanded as a result of the work 

of One Year, has received the Approval of the System. And this Totality will 
continue its Mission without ever disbanding, excluding Permissible excuses. 

38 - Only if a Totality of 18 gives Service in accordance with the Desired manner, 

can it receive the Permission to Lock Up its Aura after a World Year. 



966 



'If, I 



39- 



40 



41 
42 

43 



44 



45 



Only after the Auras of the 1 8 Totalities of 1 8 connected to Dear Mevlana are 
locked up, will each Totality be Registered on the Diskette by the Private Signature 
of Dear Mevlana, 

The 18 Totalities of 18 which will constitute the Special Totality of Dear Mevlana 
and which will be the Initial Reflection Network of the Knowledge Book are 
obliged to render effective an Operational Order completely in accordance with 
the manner the System Desires. 

These Special 1 8 Totalities of 1 8 will be taken into the Special Archive of the 
System as the Initial Reflection Network. 

In Future Years, by the Totalities of 1 8 which will be constituted in various sections 
of Your Planet, the Reflection Network of the Magnetic Aura of the Knowledge 
Book will attain even more intensity. 

The detailed reading of all the Suggestions given about the operational 
Ordinances of the Totalities of 18 during every Meeting, will render effective 
that group more Conscious on the path it will tread, and Positive Results will be 
obtained in a short time. 

During this Final Transition Dimension of Your Planet, in the event of Dear 
Mevlana's determining Negativities within the Totality of 18 from the close plan, 
she has the Authority to Decline and Not to Sign (even if the group has completed 
One World Year). 



The System always Respects Our Friend's Opinion. 
issue, too. It is presented for Your Information. 



It is beneficial to Know this 



THE UNIVERSAL ORDINANCE COUNCIL 

IT IS NOTICE FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 

Our Friends, 

All the Systems which had been established within the Universal Totality are 
dependent on a Constitution and these Laws can by no means be altered according 
to Views and Wishes. This is one of the Basic Rules of the Laws of the 1 8 Systems. 

The operations of the Totality of 18 applied on Your Planet as a Reflection of the 
Operations of the Ordinance of the Realms is a selection Focal Point of the Consciousnesses 
who will be able to enter the Divine Ranks. Operations rendered within these Focal 
Points are completely under the Supervision of the Supreme Mechanism. 

Being Accepted into the Divine Ranks is not easy at all. It is the primary Task of 
the Individuals who will enter the Totality of 18, First to Evaluate themselves and to 
assess their obligations. The Essence-Qualities expected of Friends who will enter the 
Totality of 18 are as follows, respectively: 



967 



1 - Reality Responsibility 

2 - Mission Responsibility 

3 - Family Responsibility 

4 - Social Responsibility 

5 - Humane Responsibility 

6 - Terrestrial Responsibility 

Everyone who observes these Qualities in himself/herself may apply for the Totality 
of 18. However, everyone in the Totality of 18 is Responsible only for Himself/Herself. 

1 - In Reality Responsibility, the Evolutionary Dimension, the Field of Service and the 

Respect of a Human Being for a Human Being are in prominence. 

2 - In Mission Responsibility, to what degree a person takes Seriously the Mission he/ 

she will perform and to what degree he/she Consciously utilizes the Totality of Intellect 
- Logic - Awareness on this path is examined and the application of the given 
Suggestions are card-indexed on Diskettes. (Like Phoning and Fascicule distribution). 

3 - In Family Responsibility, it is the Only view of the Divine Authorities that People 

will attain Humane Qualities in proportion with their loyalty to their homes. 
Supreme Qualities like Patience - Tolerance - Altruism - Forgiveness are Blessings 
this Noble Institution will make You attain. (Except very Abnormal life conditions.) 

4 - In Social Responsibility, Consciousness of Sharing and Material and Spiritual 

Sacrifice are the most prominent and required Qualities. ( Here, the Thought 
Registers of the given Donations are card-indexed). 

5 - Humane Responsibility (Human Responsibility), here, the entire Humane values 

are in effect. This means Sharing the Totality Consciousness, This means that a 
Person possesses all the Humane Virtues and assembles in himself/herself all the 
Qualities mentioned above. Here, (Never to Think in Negative terms, to attain a 
Supreme Consciousness in which one can take into one's heart even his/her 
Enemy, and Spiritual Faith is the Coal). 

6 - Terrestrial Responsibility, here, a Consciousness in which one is able to embrace 

the entire Nature and Creation is in Effect. Like (Stone - Earth - Animal - Plant). 
All the Efforts made for them not to suffer harm and to protect them are Registered 
in this Responsibility. 

First, it is imperative that each Individual who enters the Totality of 1 8 attains his/ 
her Terrestrial and Family Responsibilities. It is not ever possible to make Registration of 
Entrance into the Totalities of 1 8 of the Friends who are in School Age, who have not yet 
come of Age and who have not yet Undertaken their Terrestrial Duties. 

During this Final Age, the Role, the Totalities of 1 8 Play in the WORLD SALVATION 
PLAN is extremely great, due to the fact that they are a Reflection Center which 
particularly form the Aura of the KNOWLEDGE BOOK. 

For this reason We have connected the Friends who will establish the First Basic 
Reflection Center which will be constituted by 18 Totalities of 18 to the Special Aura 
of Dear Mevlana and thus, a Favor has been made for them on this path. 

968 



mam 



These First 1 8 Totalities of 1 8 will form a Reflection Center in the Cosmos Federal 
Totality in connection with Dear Mevlana, in the operational Ordinance which will be 
established in BETA NOVA. However, at the moment, their Unique Mission in Planet 
Earth is the MISSION OF THE KNOWLEDGE BOOK. 

During the Terrestrial operations, this Initial Totality's working like a single pulse 
which is constituted by 324 people will card-index them into the Registration Center of 
BETA NOVA. Otherwise, they will be subjected to the operational Ordinances of different 
Training Methods in lower Dimensions until they come here, and if they deserve it, their 
Registrations for BETA NOVA will be made. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 

IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 

Our Friends, 

Beginning with 1992 World Year, direct Applied Plans have been rendered 
Effective in each Section of Your Planet. The Operational Ordinances 1 8 Individuals 
render effective by sharing the same Consciousness is an extremely Advanced 
Evolutionary Program which Reflects (One to a Thousand). 

Those who will be Accepted into this Totality are directly card-indexed into the 
Unity Dimension of ALLAH and are prepared for Service as the Essence Staff members 
of the LORD. Generally Mature fruits can last in a Totality of 18. And the rest (are 
Matured by Close Plan Reflections and Cosmic Influences). 

In the Universal Totality, the Level of Evolution - Patience - Tolerance - Allegiance of 
each Individual who demands to be in the Totality of 1 8 are considered and thus, certain 
Time Units are allotted to him/her and his/her Frequency is connected to the Automatism. 

If the Individual can not adapt himself/herself to the Desired Medium during 
this allotted time period, he/she Automatically disqualifies Himself/Herself from the 
Totality of 18. The Responsibility of the Friend who leaves his/her Totality belongs 
only to Himself/Herself. 

But provided this Friend who leaves his/her Totality feels a Maturity and Essence 
Ardor in himself/herself during Time periods, he/she may apply to be in the Totality of 
18 again. Those who leave the Totality may again return to the Totality by being 
connected to the Mechanism of Forgiveness. But a Person who leaves the Totality of 
18 Three times can never again enter the Totality of 18. 

The Totality of 1 8 is a very Powerful Reflection Mechanism. For this reason it is 
imperative for Friends who are in that Totality to act exactly in accordance with the 
given Suggestions. 

Otherwise, since their Own Personalities, too, will be Reflected on their Friends whom 
they have Connected to their Own Auras by the Missions they have rendered during their 
Conscious Mission Days, Uneasinesses will be Reflected on their Mediums, too. 



969 



In fact, when these Totalities of 18 make a Reflection on the same Consciousness 
and Coordinate, they are very perfect Totalities of Serenity and Love. 

But as long as such a Totality of Love remains within its own Constitution, in 
itself, it is never and in no way Connected to the Universal Reflection Center. 

Each Totality of 1 8 is obliged to Share the same Aura of Love at least with 6 Totalities 
of 1 8 and come together with them once a Month according to the World Time. 

During these Monthly Meetings, Friends who cannot come to the meeting (due 
to their very important excuses) are obliged to get their Auras Connected by Phoning 
just like they do during the meetings of 18. 

If any Friend within the Totality of 18 does not come to the Meeting due to 
Unimportant reasons (due to Irresponsibility), his/her Aura is not reflected on the 
Medium even if he/she has Phoned and his/her Diskette record is kept. 

And after a Time Segment determined by the Universal Ordinance, the cards of 
these Friends are not recorded into the Universal Totality even if they render very 
advanced operations within their own Totalities of 1 8 and their Permissions for Entrance 
into the GODLY Dimension are not given. 

Totalities of 1 8 which render this kind of unserious work will be subjected to a 
separate Training in a separate Colony (in different Dimensions). Permission is never 
given to Personality strifes among Totalities of 18. Otherwise, it will become a Chaos 
Reflection Center. 

The System Effectively card-indexes only the 6 out of all the Totalities of 1 8 as a 
Total which makes Reflection on the same Coordinate. 

If the desired Totality on the same Coordinate is not formed in the 6 Totalities of 1 8, 
Card-indexings in the Registration Archive of the Universal Totality can never be made. 

The Totalities of 1 8 which Collectively share a great Responsibility have a more 
Serious Operational Ordinance compared with the other Establishments. 

For this reason We presume that bestowing on Humanity the more detailed 
Information about the Totality of 1 8 at the end of the Knowledge Book, as a Special 
Fascicule, will be helpful in all the operations which will be made in Your Planet in 
Future Years on this path. 

What We Expect of the entire Humanity who are the Travellers of this Luminous 
Path treaded is only their acting more Consciously and more Self-Sacrificingly in 
accordance with the given Suggestions. 

THE UNIVERSAL ORDINANCE COUNCIL 
On Behalf of the Supreme Mechanism 



970 



. 



flMii 



IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 

Our Friends, 

The Supreme Realm does not assign Mission to anyone or Esteem anyone. These 
are Virtues each Person attains as a result of his/her Efforts. 

As a necessity of the Programs of the Divine Plans in Your Planet which is the 
direct Application Field, the Universal Operational Ordinances attain value in 
accordance with the Capacity of each Individual and thus, have been divided into 
service in numerous branches. 

Each work is a Service rendered on the Path of ALLAH. For this reason in Your 
Sacred Books it has been mentioned that Work is Worship. However, these Final Age 
Operations rendered effective in accordance with the Accelerated Evolution Program, 
have Operational Ordinances Peculiar to themselves. 

And the KNOWLEDGE BOOK which is the Only Source which will shed Light on 
the Friendship and Unification Calls We try to form in Your Planet is, at the moment, 
under the Responsibility of the entire Humanity. 

Our Gratitude is infinite for all Our Terrestrial Brothers and Sisters who have 
served with an Open Heart and with Allegiance Consciousness on the Path of the 
KNOWLEDGE BOOK which had been directly bestowed on Your Planet on 1-11-1981 
World Year. 

As a matter of fact, many of these Solar Teacher Friends of Ours, have attained 
Physical Bodies on the World Plan by making Covenants with the Universal Totality. 

These Supreme Consciousnesses', who are Locked-up 20% in the Veiled 
Awareness Dimension, attaining the Desired Consciousness (as a necessity of the 
Program) have always taken a Time period of 8 World Years. 

For this reason Humanity has been taken into an Accelerated Awakening Medium 
by rendering the Evolution of a 1000 Years in a Time period of 1 Year by the help of the 
Cosmic Currents, beginning with the date of the revelation of the Book on Your Planet, 
until 1989 World Year 

This Program of Humanity which renders effective the Evolution of a 1000 Years 
in a short Time period of 1 Month after the 1 989 World Year, will continue until the 
1997 World Year. 

During the Time which will pass after that Date, until the 2005 World Year, the 
Evolution of a 1000 Years will be obtained in a much shorter Time period like 1 Day. 

Between 2005 - 201 3, Humanity will be subjected to Evolution in Each Hour. 
And after that Date, Each Step which will be taken forward in Each Breath - in Each 
Moment and in Each Second will render effective an Evolution Plan. 






971 



Humanity which will become more perfect by this means, will render effective 
the Fourth Order of ALLAH, in a Conscious way 

Our Solar Teacher Friends who have undertaken the Mission of Serving Humanity 
on the Path of the Truth until today, have disseminated the Fascicules of the Knowledge 
Book and thus, have Registered on their Diskettes, their Beliefs in the Reality and in 
the Universal Totality. 

All Our Terrestrial Friends who serve on the Path of the Universal Totality and the 
Knowledge Book are each a Solar Teacher according to Us, in accordance with their 
Levels of Consciousness. 

However, in order for them to attain the Quality of Genuine Solar Teachers, there 
are different paths yet to be treaded. Our Friends who pass those paths and who 
transcend the Final Exam Dimension are, from then on, each a SOLAR FRIEND. And 
We use the term Solar Friend for these Friends of Ours. 

All the Suggestions We have given to You about the Totalities of 1 8 until today 
are an operational Ordinance comprising the very Advanced Plans of the Universal 
Totality. All the Efforts made on this path are the Testimonials of the Advanced Plans. 

Our Solar Teacher Friends who work on the path of the Totality of 1 8 are subjected 
to Exams of Deserving to Serve in the Staff of the Fourth Order which He will establish, 
through the Services they will render, by making Covenants on the Path of ALLAH. 

However, at the moment, the Responsibilities of the Special First Basic Staff Totality 
of 324 people which will be constituted by 18 Totalities of 18, the registrations of 
whom will be made on the Diskette by the Private Signature of Dear Mevlana until the 
Year 2000, are more serious and heavier than the Responsibilities of the Totalities of 
18 which will be established, connected to the System, in every section of Your Planet 
in Future Years, 

From now on, beginning with 1992 World Year, as a result of the rendering 
effective of the Direct Applied Plans, more serious work is expected of Friends who 
constitute the Totalities of 18. 

Friends who work in a Totality of 1 8 are each trained as a Genuine Solar Teacher. 
However, in order for these Friends to take their places in the direct Staff, it is imperative 
that they pass their Doctorate Exams. 

For this reason there will be certain Special Suggestions required from the Friends 
in the Totalities of 18 who have acquired the Goal of serving Consciously on the Direct 
Path of the Knowledge Book. The Message pertaining to this matter will be given to 
You in detail, article by article. It is presented for Your Information. 

THE UNIVERSAL ORDINANCE COUNCIL 



972 



IT IS NOTICE FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 

Our Friends, 

The Dimensions of the Universal Totality are interminable. And everyone Deserves 
to enter these Dimensions in proportion with his/her Level of Consciousness and Totality 
of Heart. For this reason the operational Orders rendered in Your Planet are also 
different from each other. 

However, the Final Exam of the Salvation Plan is entirely dependent on the 
KNOWLEDGE BOOK. Because, this Book is the First and the Last CALL that the LORD 
directly offers to Humanity. Only those who Serve on this Path during this Period will 
Deserve to enter His Dimension. 

By the Selections which will be rendered among all the Consciousnesses who 
Serve the Unified Field of the Knowledge Book, the Permissions for entering the World 
which will form the Nucleus of the Human Giirz of ALLAH will be given. 

For making this very hard selection easier, a Right has been recognized for Our 
Human Brothers and Sisters until the Year 2000, by a Special Decision of the Council. 
And this is the issue of writing the Knowledge Book in the Notebooks by One's own 
Handwriting. 

All the work done on the Path of Our ALLAH is the Program of Projecting the Truths 
on all the Consciousnesses. While these Reflections kindle the Consciousness Lights of 
Human Beings, they also reveal the Negative Aspects of certain people. 

Messages given to You about the Totalities of 18 are completely a Phenomenon 
pertaining to the operational Order of the System. 

However, this is such a System that until everyone's Consciousness is attuned to 
this System, the Influences received cause Negative Reflections in the Levels of 
Consciousness of Human Beings, in accordance with their Evolutions. 

The Frequencies of the Basic Staffs of the Totalities of 18 are connected to the 
Automatism of the System. The Broken Signals in this Automatism are connected to a 
System which can render that Totality ineffective (For various reasons). 

However, 100 Negative Projections of Friends whom We presume as having 
attained the Awareness of the Ordinance, break a Chip in effect. 3 Chips broken takes 
the operational Circuit of the Basic Staff of 1 8 out of control. (Negativities created 
in a Thought on Normal Level can break 10 Chips in a Day). 

If the organizations of the Operational Ordinances are made accordingly, by 
considering these circumstances, it is believed that healthier Reflection Focal Points 
will be formed during Time periods. 

Dear Mevlana who will render effective the First Basic Projection Network of the 
1 8 Totalities of 1 8 which will be constituted by a Staff of 324 people in Your Planet 
until the Year 2000, is obliged to establish this Totality. 



973 



In order for Friends who work within the Totality of 1 8 to attain the Quality of 
being a Genuine Solar Teacher, they have to Transcend a Second Dimension of Exam. 
This Exam is the Final Exam every Individual within the Focal Point of the 1 8 will give 
on the Path of the Knowledge Book. 

fn fact, You know that the entire Humanity is Responsible for the Knowledge 
Book. For this reason We say that it is You who will Save Humanity. And due to this 
fact, 3 Cosmic Ages have been allotted to Your Planet. 

As You will remember from Our former Messages, We had said that a Person is 
Responsible for 6 Brothers/Sisters of His/Her in this Salvation Plan (for the Salvation of 
Your Entire Planet). 

The operational Ordinances required of Dear Mevlana have literally found an 
Application Field in Your Planet until today. By establishing her Initial Private Flower 
in Your Planet in 1-1-1984 World Year, Dear Mevlana has bestowed on Humanity this 
Beautiful Totality, today. 

Now, for Us, each one of You is a Mevlana and You will tread, just like her, this 
Universal Path Dear Mevlana treads and thus will shed Light on Humanity on the Path 
of the Knowledge Book and will form the Universal Aura Totality of the Book. 

Now, We have rendered effective an Accelerated Operational Ordinance, due to 
the Scarcity of Time. And We give You Information about the 6 Emblems which 
constitute the cover of the First Fascicule of the Knowledge Book and We disclose, the 
intensive Operational Ordinances which will be rendered effective beginning with 
1992, article by article, for easier understanding. 

1- The Totalities of 18 that Dear Mevlana has formed in Three Cities before the 
1 992 World Year are definitely obliged to render their Diskette Registrations of 
One year between the November 6, 1992 - November 6, 1993 World Years. 

2- These Totalities will organize their Constitutions in accordance with the given 
Suggestions again more Consciously and in more detail, beginning with the 
1992 World Year. 

3- All the Totalities of 1 8 established before the Date stated above will be considered 
ineffective in case they do not render their Diskette Registrations of One Year 
during this period. 

4- Each Friend who serves within the Totality of 1 8 is definitely obliged to bloom 
his/her (Private Mission Flower) constituted of 6 people, between the Years 
November 6, 1992 - November 6, 1993. 

5- Friends who serve within the Totality of 18 may bloom their Private Mission 
Flowers if they wish, starting with the beginning of the 1992 World Year. 

6- Friends who do not bloom their Private Flowers are not accepted within the 
Totality of 1 8 by the Universal Totality (even if they have rendered their Diskette 
Registrations of one Year). 



974 



:'.f 



7- Friends within the 6 Totalities of 1 8, or Friends who have not yet completed 
their 6 Totalities of 1 8 are obliged to come to the common (Friendship Meal) 
which will be held every Month. (The Message which will be given pertaining 
to this matter will be read very carefully.) 

8- Each Individual within the 1 8 is obliged to give one Fascicule as a Mission each 
Meal Day during the Friendship Meal Days to be held Monthly (excluding the 
Fascicule they give during their Normal Mission days). 

9- The Mission Fascicules which will be given during the Day of the Friendship 
Meal may be given in any Time desired, within the 24 Hours of that Day. (On 
that Day, Registrations are made on Diskettes.) 

1 0- Friends who can not perform their Missions of Fascicule distribution during the 
Friendship Mission Days, are obliged to give Two Fascicules on the Same Day 
the next Month, as a necessity of the Karma Program. 

1 1 - Friends who have Karma Debts on their Conscious Mission Days are obliged to 
give all their Fascicules on the Same Mission Day depending on how many 
Debts they have. 

12- On each Conscious Mission Day, the Aura of the Person who Receives the 
Fascicule is connected to the Aura of the One who gives the Fascicule, only with 
one Fascicule. However, to a person who has Karma, that many Aura connections 
are made depending on how many debts he/she has. 

1 3- Since these loaded Aura Connections are dependent on the Evolutions of those 
who Receive the Fascicules, sometimes they cause Spiritual Pressure on the Friend 
who gave the Fascicule. 

14- During the Conscious Mission Day one can never give the Fascicule of that day 
and leave the Karma Debt to the following Week. If one acts like this, the 
Conscious Mission performed that day is not considered valid. 

15- During the Conscious Mission Day only the Mission Fascicule of that day is 
registered of the person who does not have any Karma Debts. If he/she gives 
other Fascicules by the Command of the Heart, they are Card-indexed Directly 
to the System. 

1 6- The Operational Ordinance of 1 5 articles dictated above is valid for only the 
Missionary Staffs who work within the Totality of 1 8. 

1 7- After the date November 6, 1 992, Dear Mevlana may make those who desire 
establish as many Totalities of 1 8 as they wish. 

18- By this means, the Right to Enter the Totality of 18 will be given to everyone. 

19- But these Totalities of 18 are obliged to make their Diskette Registrations in 
One Year, beginning with the date on which they are established. Otherwise, 
they lose their Rights. 

20- To Friends who have bloomed their Private Mission Flowers among the Totalities 
of 18 which can not make their Diskette registrations of One Year during the 
required period, the Right to Re-establish an 1 8 will be given. 



97 5 




21 - If they wish, these Friends may lay the foundation of a new Totality of 1 8 by a Triple 
Unification, or if they wish, they may enter other Totalities of 18 if they are wanted. 

22- For those who make their Diskette Registrations of One Year among the Totalities 
of 1 8, Dear Mevlana will make the Aura Registration by her Private Signature, in 
accordance with their sequence of Registration and Date and thus, will Lock up 
that Totality of 18. 

23- It is imperative for the 18 Totalities of 18 which will constitute the First Special 
Foundation connected to Dear Mevlana to make their Diskette Registrations 
until the last Month of the 1996 World Year at the latest 

24- Afterwards, this First Basic Reflection Totality constituted of 324 people will render 
effective a Cooperative work in connection with the System and, by this means, 
quite different operational Ordinances will become effective. 

25- The Friend who will establish his/her Private Mission Flower will find 6 Friends 
who have not gotten in contact with the Knowledge Book and will invite them 
to his/her house (on any day or night) of the week, thus will render effective the 
Operation of the Private Flower Croup constituted by 7 people together with 
himself/herself. 

26- The Friend who will bloom his/her Private Flower will ask these 6 Friends to 
bring each a thick Notebook on the day they will meet. 

27- On the day of the meeting, the Friend who has established his/her Private Flower 
will cut the 6 Emblems which are on the cover of the Knowledge Book's First 
Fascicule and will paste them, one by one, on the Notebooks (with the Date of 
that Day) and will sign them with his/her Private Terrestrial Signature. 

28- With the Date being placed in this manner, the Diskette Registration will be 
made and the Private Flower will start its Mission. 

29- On the Day the Notebooks are Signed, the Private Flower Friend will explain 
the Truth to his/her Friends who have come and will talk with them and will 
present them the First Fascicule of the Knowledge Book as a gift. 

30- These 6 Friends who come to the Private Flower Focal Point the second week on 
the same Day, are obliged to bring their Notebooks having written this First 
Fascicule at home. 

31 - The Private Flower Friend is obliged to offer these 6 Friends, one Fascicule, each 
week. 

32- Friends who come to the Private Flower Focal Point will only exchange 
Information that Day and will ask the points they do not understand to the 
Solar Friend. (Notebooks are not written at the focal points.) 

33- To Our Terrestrial Brothers and Sisters who will serve on this path until the year 
2000, by these Private Flower Tasks, a Right is given to each on the path of 
Writing the Book and thus, a Favor is granted on them. 

34- As a necessity of the System, each Week one Fascicule will be written. If Karma 
occurs, it will most definitely be completed during that Week. Debt cannot be 
accepted (The Program has been prepared accordingly). 



976 



wmm 






35- If irregular attendances occur during the Mission rendered, the Friend who has 
established his/her Private Flower is not responsible for this. 

36- There is the obligation to continue the Mission even if only one Friend remains 
in the Focal Point due to irregular attendance of the other Friends in the Private 
Mission Flower. 

37- If Friends working in this operational Totality leave the group before finishing 
the task of writing the Book in their Notebooks, the Friend of the Private Flower 
is not responsible for this, 

38- The Effort of each Friend who opens his/her Private Flower Focal Point will be 
considered as he/she has rendered his/her Mission. However, since the Success 
of each Friend who opens his/her Focal Point is equivalent with his/her Level of 
Consciousness, points will be given to the Diskette Registrations. 

39- Each Friend of the Private Flower, if he/she wishes, may render effective another 
set of 6 people provided that he/she achieves his/her Mission by making 6 Friends 
write their Notebooks (This is a very Special System). 

40- Three of the Private Flower Friends who have each made 6 Friends of his/hers 
write the Knowledge Book, may constitute a Council and establish a Special 
Totality of 1 8 (This is a very Special Diskette Registration). 

41 - Provided everyone who has accepted a Conscious service on the path of the 
Knowledge Book as Duty, without being within the Totality of 18, blooms his/her 
Private Flower with 6 Friends who have not read the Knowledge Book and makes 
them write the Book in their Notebooks (Special Diskettes will be allotted to them). 

42- If Friends who will constitute the Totality of 18 until the Year 2000, make 

1 8 X 6 = 1 08 people write the Knowledge Book, they will be Card-indexed into 
the Magnetic Field of (O), being connected directly to the System. 

43- If (6 Totalities of 1 8) out of the Totalities of 1 8 which become effective until the 
Year 2000 like this, by being connected to the System, serve Cooperatively in 
accordance with the given Suggestions, they will be directly connected to the 
Aura of Dear Mevlana. 

44- Instead of the Friends who do not bloom their Private Mission Flowers within 
the Totality of 1 8, the Aura of any Friend who does this work outside the Totality 
of 1 8 will be projected on that Totality and thus, the Aura of the Totality of 1 8 
will always be completed by the System. 

45- Even if a Friend who does not do his/her Duty within the Totality of 1 8 seems to 
be within the 18 (due to doing his/her other Duties), even if he/she has not left 
the Totality, that Friend will not be considered by the System as being within 
the Totality of 18 (This is very Important). 

46- 1 8 Basic Reflection Staffs of 1 8 which will be constituted by this means, will be 
connected to the Aura of Dear Mevlana and thus, will Deserve to take place in 
Her Totality. 

47- Alteration is out of Question in the Staff of the Totality of 1 8 which is Locked up 
by the Private Signature of Dear Mevlana. It is presented for Your Information. 

UNIVERSAL ORDINANCE COUNCIL 

977 



WEEKLY OPERATIONAL PROGRAM OF THE TOTALITIES OF 18 

1 - The Totalities of 1 8 are obliged to meet Every Week on the Same Day they have 
decided. 

2- All the Friends in the Totality of 18 are obliged to take 18 First Fascicules of the 
Knowledge Book every week, 

3- Each Friend within the Totality of 18 is obliged to choose a day in the week, as the 
Conscious Mission Day. On that day a Fascicule must definitely be given to a Friend. 

4- Friends who leave their Missions to Karma are obliged to give their accumulated 
Fascicules on the same Mission Day. 

5- During meetings, Friends who have made their Missions on their Conscious 
Mission Days will, one by one, tell the Missions they have performed during the 
week without going into detail. 

6- All Friends will listen to each other Attentively and Respectfully and during this 
period Private Talks will never be made. 

7- To Whomever Fascicules are given during the Conscious Mission Days, either 
their Addresses or their Names will be written in a notebook every week by a 
Group Friend. 

8- Those who cannot come to the weekly meeting due to their important excuses are 
obliged to declare their excuses by Phone to a Focal Point assigned beforehand. 

9- The Auras of Friends within the Totality of 18 who cannot come to the meeting, 
are projected on the Medium by the Telephone connection, by this means, the 
Aura of the Totality is not damaged. 

1 0- Within the Totality of 1 8, Two Friends will be chosen as the Focal Points for Phoning. 

11- Within the Totality of 18, everyone is obliged to give a small sum according to 
his/her Budget. This money can be donated either to a support Fund or to an 
Association in accordance with the Medium. 

12- Within the Totality of 18, there will be a Person charged with Duty who will 
receive the orders for the Sets and the Fascicules. 

13- During the meetings, the Fascicule about the 18s must definitely be read after 
the Duty is finished. 

1 4- After the Duty is finished, clips from Daily Newspapers and Magazines are read. 

15- During the 18 work, channelling - Messages received from channels - Books 
carrying channel Auras - Private Seances are never made. Astral trips - Dreams 
are not mentioned (Because the Reflection Aura is broken). 

16- During the work day of 18, only Terrestrial chats (Tea service is made after the 
task is finished) and thus, Aura of Love is formed. Friends within this Totality are 
obliged to Love and Respect each other. It is presented for Your Information, 

SYSTEM 



1 



! 



al ! 
th 
in 
Tc 



B 
B- 
v* 

F 



C 

c 



» 



978 



, 



r 



IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 

Our Friends, 

The operations of the Totality of 18 which will create a Factor of Selection among 
all the Advanced Consciousnesses, is a Projective Mission which will be rendered on 
the path of the Knowledge Book. Only the Consciousnesses in Your Planet who work 
in accordance with the Knowledge Book will render effective these operations of the 
Totality of 18. 

The Totality of 1 8 is a very Powerful Reflection Focal Point. And the Knowledge 
Book is the Book of the Morrows which is bestowed on Your Planet as the SINGLE 
Book of the Ordinance of the Cosmoses. The Magnetic Aura of the Knowledge Book 
will be created during 3 Cosmic Ages during the processes of time, by the Thought- 
Forms of Friends who read the Knowledge Book with Allegiance Consciousness. 

With the purpose of being helpful to Friends who will constitute the Operational 
Ordinances of the 18 in future Years which will be rendered effective in various sections 
of Your Planet, it has been considered appropriate by the Universal Totality that this 
Message should be given. 

First, it is beneficial to explain one thing. These Operations are extremely serious 
Operations . For this reason no one can act Individually on this path and can never 

establish a Totality of 1 8 by himself /herself. 

The Initial Foundation of the Totality of 18 which will be established in any city 
will always be constituted by 9 people. However, it is obligatory that these 9 Friends 
should be Friends who Love and Respect each other. 

After these 9 Friends come together, they will divide Three by Three and will lay 
