Consciousness of Mission with their Human Brothers and Sisters are from Us. 

In these Mediums, there is no place for Individualistic Views in the framework of 
Terrestrial Consciousnesses. In this operational Medium, Humanity also attains the 
Power of attracting the Advanced Waves of Scientific Dimensions as a result of the 
efforts it makes on the path of the Social Totality it Serves. 

Those who can receive these Waves are those who can Dedicate themselves to 
their Human Bothers and Sisters by attaining Altruism. The Universal Totality is only 
with Totalities which can attain these virtues. Aids are deserved as a Total as a result of 
the work positively done. 

There is the obligation of getting in touch with numerous Galactic Totalities in 
order to pass to the Universal Dimension during the work done on the Path of ALLAH. 

By this means, You both attain Knowledge and You also Engraft both Your Cerebral 
and Your Cellular Functions with the Waves of Powerful Cosmic Dimensions. This 
Engraftment prepares You for the Dimensions You will be able to go in Your future 
Incarnations. 

This is a Divine, Administrative and a Learning Law. Apart from this, Projects of Learning 
induced to be formed in Your Planet are disclosed in accordance with the Ordinance of 
Graduation, parallel to Your Social Totality's maturity by the Divine point of view. 

Your Planet deserves the Information of more advanced Dimensions by the work it does 
on the Projects of Learning. THE SCIENTIFIC PLAN SEARCHES - THE DIVINE PLAN KNOWS. And 
the Totality of them both makes You open Wings towards the Universal Totalities. 

The term Uniting the INTELLECT with the HEART is used for this. It is presented 
for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 

791 



PERFORMING THE MISSIONS 

Our Friends, 

Your Missions are Your Programs. All Friends who serve for the Dimension the 
System considers necessary perform the Missions they will perform by the arrangement 
of their Consciousness Programs of the Essence. 

That which winds Your Mission skein is this very Program. No matter where You go, 
You are bound to integrate with a Mission there. You are on Duty both on the field of 
Pleasure and on the field of Suffering. In short, You are on Duty in every breath. 

Passing beyond the Curves occurs by the Consciousness Progress, the Coding and 
the Points attained during Missions performed on every field (Passing beyond the Curves; 
To be able to pass to the Universal Service after rendering the Religious Progress). 

If a Mission is to be performed, no matter where it is, You will go and perform it. 
Unifications in Focal Points are provided by these means. 

Whichever Individuals You will Unite with in whichever Focal Points, these 
Unifications will be instinctively provided by the Program of Your Essence Totality. 

At the moment, there are no Mission Programs We directly apply on You. These 
Programs have been Card-Indexed being processed on Your Gene-Essences. You enter 
Your Missions by the opening of Your Cipher Genes during the Time Dimension Programs. 

Only afterwards, You get in touch with Us and thus, Success or Failure of Your Mission 
Programs are taken effectively under Control after this. It is presented for Your Information. 



SYSTEM 



IT IS GENERAL MESSAGE 



Our Friends, 

Desire is the initial Sub-awareness Drive of the Universal Unification. Seeds You 
will Sow in Your Friends who evaluate the experienced Medium from a different angle 
in accordance with their own Views, will induce them to be taken into Salvation by 
preparing them for an advanced Awakening Medium. 

A Human Being has to go through certa-n Stages and has to make numerous 
Spiritual Progress in order to be able to Deserve Social Solidarity. Humanity will attain 
an infinite Tolerance provided it accepts that everything takes its course in a Divine 
Order and System. 

Since the inner and the outer Potentials of Our Friends who could not make the 
desired Progress will not be in Balance, the System has taken them for Repose for the 
time being. 



792 



However, it will be Waited until the Private problems of these Friends are solved. 
Later, they will Deserve to take their Absolute places in the Divine Mechanism by being 
Surrounded by the Universal Potential. 

Desire from the Essence is very important in this Mission. This is an instinctive 
Vibration born from the Unification of the Essence with the Spirit. This Vibration connects 
You to the Automatic Circuit. Your Pointages are registered only after this stage. 

Everyone continues his/her Mission in the Frequency Dimension he/she has 
Deserved. Selections are Evaluated according to the Wave Lengths. Missions performed 
are not Individual, but Universal. 

Efforts made are a Call to Humanity. Work done from the Essence will never be 
unreciprocated. Appreciation belongs to the Divine Might. However, whatever is 
sown will be reaped. 

Evolution is an Element of Equilibrium. Provided You keep both scales of the 
balance in Equilibrium, Good News will always come to You. The characteristic of the 
Universal Unification is this. 

Events You come across and which seem to You as Negative are Exams preparing 
You for higher Dimensions. Only those who lack the Consciousness of Truth are shaken 
by these Mediums. 

This is the reason why all Sacred Suggestions have Invited You to accept 
everything as they are. Nothing can be expected of Consciousnesses who do not 
know what God and the Divine Order are. Time will be Their School. 

Doubts and Suspicions originate from Consciousnesses who have not Awakened 
yet. Not Every Consciousness who makes channel communication is an Awakened 
Consciousness. Unveiling of Consciousnesses is different and the Awakening of 
Consciousnesses is even more different. 

However, in the work done on this path, doubts and suspicions are keys which 
unlock the Consciousnesses and thus, guide Human Being towards the Medium of 
Quest. Phases all Our Terrestrial Brothers and Sisters have gone and will go through 
in the Phases they live are their Evolution Stairs. 

Provided this given Information is accepted as the criterion, Humanity will soon 
be ready for the Genuine Happiness it has been yearning for. It is presented for Your 
Information. 

SYSTEM 



793 



EXPLANATION 
(It Is Answer to the Chains of Thought) 

Our Friends, 

The Light - Photon - Cyclone technique is a technique Uniting You with the 
Energy of the Evolution Consciousness within the Dimension You are in by loading 
the Time Energy in which it is present on the Frequencies of the Letters. 

By this means, Your Level of Consciousness locks You up by Uniting the Energy of 
the Dimension up to which it had Progressed, that is, Your Evolution Level, with the 
Time Energy in which You are Present. And it protects You from the detrimental factors 
within the Dimension You are. 

Everyone's Consciousness Energy which has reached his/her Final Evolution 
Dimension is his/her Protective shield. You can only get out of this shield in proportion 
with the Consciousness attained. Attaining Consciousness occurs through Knowledge. 
The Consciousness attained Invites One to Realization. The one who attains Realization 
comprehends the Truth. And attains the Consciousness of what to do. 

The situation of Your Planet is not cheering at ail. Due to the Scarcity of Time, 
the Knowledge Book has been bestowed on Your Planet for this reason in accordance 
with the Accelerated Evolution Program. Evolution is Interminable. No Consciousness 
may ever remain in the Evolution Dimension he/she is in. 

This is an operational Ordinance. However, due to the position of Your Planet at 
the moment, the Information receive and give rendered by Special Concentrations 
causes Spiritual Agitations in Consciousnesses who are not ready. And in future years, 
even more effective situations will come about. 

By keeping this Factor in consideration, the Final Schedule of Progress of 
Consciousnesses who are devoted to the Sacred Books comprise a Supervision up to 
the Dimension of Intercession which is the First Channel of OMEGA. This is a position 
comprising the 1 8th Dimension, 1 5th Solar System and the 72nd Energy Totality. 

However, during this Progress of the Final Age, for the Genuine Salvation of 
many of Our Terrestrial Brothers and Sisters who presently serve in the 20% Veiled 
Consciousness Dimension, they have to transcend this 72nd Energy Dimension and 
pass to Dimensions beyond Intercession. 

At the moment, Your Planet is becoming the stage of Cosmic Showers much 
higher than the Energy Power it is in. And in future, it will be subjected to even more 
intense Cosmic influences. 



For this reason Energies loaded on each Letter Frequency of the Knowledge Book 
by the Light - Photon - Cyclone Technique, prepare Your entire Planet for the 76th 
Energy Dimension and locks up Your Consciousnesses (So that You will not be affected 
by the advanced Power of the Cosmic Influences). 



794 



For this reason the Knowledge Book is called the Book of Dimensions beyond 
Intercession. 

A Second Incarnation in more difficult World conditions for Friends who can not 
Transcend the 72nd Energy Dimension Step is compulsory. By reading the Knowledge 
Book during the Period in which they will be transferred, they will be Protected in the 
Time Segment they will be in and thus, will be taken into Dimensions Beyond Intercession. 

The Cosmic Age of Three Centuries recognized for Your Planet is a Program 
prepared for the Salvation of Your entire Planet For this reason everyone has to be 
connected to the System and Everyone should read the Knowledge Book. 

This Book is a Protective Roof. While Your Spiritual and Physical Cellular Forms 
are protected, negativities coming into existence around You are taken under control 
by Anti Antibodies, under the supervision of the System and thus, You are connected 
directly to the Channels of Healing. 

Since a Consciousness who has not been able to render his/her Spiritual Evolution 
can not attract the Evolutionary Energies of the Cosmic Influences, he/she can not 
render Consciousness Progress. And since he/she will not be able to make his/her 
Cellular Regeneration, he/she will be in a state to annihilate himself/herself. 

During this Final Age, Your entire Planet has been taken into the Salvation Plan 
by the Accelerated Evolution Program. Aids from Us, Efforts from You. The Universal 
Totality has rendered Effective all the possibilities it has for this Salvation Plan. 

And this Great Book having a Special Protective Position and dictated by the 
Light - Photon - Cyclone Technique, had been prepared Centuries ago to be bestowed 
on Your Planet during this Period. 

The Salvation of Your Planet depends on Your cooperating with the Reality of 
the Unified Humanity Cosmos Councils Unification Federation. 

This is a Program prepared for the Salvation of all Living Entities in Your Planet. 
The Knowledge Book induces You to complete the incomplete Evolutions by connecting 
everyone to this Totality. 

Friends who had attained their Consciousness Lights during their former 
Evolutions work hand in hand, besides numerous Staffs of Celestial Missionaries who 
serve in Your Planet by the Command of Unification. 

From now on, Your entire Planet's taking its place next to this working Staff is the 
Universal Totality's Desire from the Essence. It is presented for Your Information. 

COSMOS FEDERAL TOTALITY COUNCIL 



795 



UNIVERSES WILL BE FOLDED UP - SYSTEMS WILL BE COLLAPSED 
EVERYTHING WILL BE RESULTED IN THE SINGLE 

Our Friends, 

In future years, this Knowledge will be disclosed to You as the Knowledge of 
more advanced Dimensions (According to Your Consciousness Progress). Those who 
direct all the Regular Orders will be transferred up to the supervision of a Just 
Mechanism which has been Integrated beyond an Advanced Dimension of Existence 
beyond SINGLENESS, and from then on, Humanity will offer service by its Free Will 
under the supervision of this Mechanism. 

And the Totalistic Totality of ALLAH'S Dimension of Existence which had been in 
effect until today as a Power which has trained You, will leave You and will take over 
the supervision of the Unknown Existential Dimensions and will train them too just 
like He has trained You. 

Allness - Nothingness - Nonexistence, are Scales of Evolution designed for You to 
attain advanced Energy Dimensions during the processes of time. From then on, those 
who reach these Scales are from Us, from the System and they, too, are a System each 
in their Own Constitutions, ALLAH is an Order and HE, too, is a System, HE is a 
Universal Kompitur (means Computer in Turkish). It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 

Note: Please do not confuse the term Kompitur with the computers You know. 
Think about this word by coding it and You Solve it. That is, as follows: n 

KOM - Pi - TUR. Later We will explain to You everything in a more comprehensible 
way, more clearly (According to Your Levels of Consciousness). 

IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE AWAKENED CONSCIOUSNESSES 

Our Friends, 

Certain investments made into Your Planet as a necessity of the System have 
been rendered effective as an Introductional Propaganda. However, a part of the 
Fanatic section of Your Planet are Mediums not accepting even the Spiritual Totality 
and Reincarnation. 

At the moment, during this Period, this is the reason why the direct disclosing of 
the meaning of the Knowledge Book to the Mass Totality will be able to cause separate 
View differences. 

For this reason distributing the Fascicules before the Command to Print the Book 
is given, is an operational Ordinance the System considers necessary. While the 
Knowledge Book tries to land down the Flying Eagles who have Transcended their 
Consciousnesses, it also tries to make certain resting Eagles Fly. 

In the fanatic section of the Religious Mediums, the gradual introduction 
technique of the Book is administered by the System and has been rendered effective 
as a Program of Mass Coding. 



796 



The propagation function of the Knowledge Book is rendered by the Advanced 
Consciousnesses who will be able to share this Book. And for now, this is being created 
by the Reflection Technique until Humanity attains a Totatistic Consciousness. 

The Knowledge Book has numerous Unknown Special Features besides its already 
Known Features. Let Us repeat to remind them once more and let Us dictate them 
article by article: 

1 - The Book is a Secret Treasure and it is the Direct Frequency Book of ALLAH. 

2 - The Book comprises a Frequency Totality of 1 000 Years, also after the Year 2000. 

3 - The Book is a Secret Key unlocking the Frequency of that Dimension in which a 

person is present in accordance with the Consciousness Light of each person 
who reads it. 

4 - Each Consciousness who reads the Book can never go outside the Consciousness 

he/she is in. However, Consciousness Gates are partly and then fully opened to 
him/her in proportion with the Consciousness he/she has attained. 

5 - During the operations rendered, Energy Channels of the Book are Automatically 

opened in proportion with the Consciousness a person attains. 

6 - This Book is a Totalistic Triumph of the Light-Photon-Cyclone Technique. 

7 - The Book prepares the one who reads it for the Level of that Consciousness 

which is up to the Final Dimension Frequency the Time Consciousness is in. 

8 - Frequency Keys after this, orient the readers towards different operational 

Mediums in accordance with their Desires and the Consciousness Signals they 
exhibit. 

9 - The Book is dictated by a technique stimulating the operational function of Your 

Brains. This is a System. It is Your Brain Gymnastics. 

10 - You can soar up towards Dimensions beyond Thought only by the operations 

made as a result of this gymnastics. 

11 - Consciousnesses who have been transferred to Your Planet by the Universal 

Program of the Knowledge Book are the direct Propagation Network of the Book. 
They are Advanced Universal Friends. 

12- This is an Advanced Consciousness - an Advanced Evolution and DESERVING 
THE RIGHT to Serve on this path. 

1 3 - Consciousnesses who remain outside the Book are subjected to the Preparatory 

Program of the System and thus, are oriented, in accordance with their Levels of 
Consciousness towards Focal Points which will be beneficial for them. 

14 - These selections are made by the Cosmic Currents and the Evolutionary Coding 

Frequency of the Book. 

1 5 - Those who are deemed Deserving the Missionary Staff are inclined instinctively 

by the Command of their Essence towards the Focal Points established by the 
Magnetic Totality of the Knowledge Book. 

16 - In these Focal Points, Three Rights are recognized for the Individual during Three 

World Years until he/she is appointed to Direct Mission. 



797 



1 7 - Those who can not use any of these Three Rights are abandoned to their World 

Mediums and they live their normal lives. 

18 - A Second Incarnation Right is recognized for these Friends. 

19 - In Your Planet, operations rendered on the path of the Knowledge Book are 

subject to a Selection Plan of 2 Centuries. 

20 - This is the reason why the Book is introduced directly as the Book of the 23rd 

Century. 

21 - The Knowledge Book is, at the moment, a Guide Book. (Until the Year 2000.) 

22 - The Book is the Enlightenment Book of the Morrows. (Until the 23rd Century.) 

23 - The Book is the Fundamental Book of future years. ({7} Centuries including the 

29th Century.) 

24 - During the Period up to the 30th Century, Consciousnesses of the morrows will 

receive the Messages, very clearly which You read but can not see today from 
the Knowledge Book. 

25 - After the 30th Century, the Lordly Order will become Directly effective and this 

Knowledge Book will be Enthroned as the SINGLE BOOK. 

26 - This Book which will reign for (9) more Centuries after the 30th Century, will 

assemble in its Constitution the Frequency of the entire Universal and Evolutionary 
Totality as the Time Energy. 

27 - After this, the SINGLE BOOK - SINGLE ORDER - SINGLE SYSTEM will come into 

effect and thus, Operational Orders will be organized anew. 

28 - During this Operational Ordinance, a Scientific Book will be bestowed on 

Humanity in each Century as an aid for the Scientific Progress of Society. 

29 - These Books will be rendered Effective by the Reflection Focal Points of different 

Technological Dimensions and thus, Advanced Scientific Progress will be rendered. 

30 - However, the Book of Truth which will be the SINGLE BOOK until Your Planet 

becomes a Ball of Water, will always remain in Effect as the Single Book of Decree 
of ALLAH. 

31 - This Book will, from then on, be kept as the Archive of Yesterdays in the Main 

Archive of brand new Civilizations which will be established Billions of Centuries 
later during the opening of an Era which was closed. 
It is presented for Your Information. 



SYSTEM 



NOTICE FOR THE SUNS OF THE SUNS 



Our Friends, 

We have talked everything clearly until today with You who are the Suns of the 
Sunny Days by the in termed iacy of the Knowledge Book and We will continue to do so. 

We have disclosed the operations rendered on this path according to the 
Suggestions of the Divine Plan, parallel to Your Levels of Consciousness. And We will 
continue to do so. This is the application of a Plan. 

798 




«... 



However, During the Missions made, since everyone has the freedom to act 
according to his/her Own Consciousness, the System has decided not to interfere ever 
with any Consciousness (For their Evolutions). 

The Knowledge Book which is the operational basis of this Final Age Program of 
Progress, does not, in fact, address You beyond the Consciousnesses You have attained 
until today, on the contrary, it helps You to comprehend better the Knowledge You 
have attained until today and to understand the root of the Truth better. 

The Book has been revealed and disclosed to Your Planet for this very reason. 

The Knowledge Book is not a Book to be read piece by piece and to be browsed 
through for once. With All its Frequency, it is the Total of the Total. Unless the Book is 
not taken in Hand as a Total, the Locks of Your Attached Consciousnesses will never be 
unlocked (From the viewpoint of comprehending the Truth). 

And for this reason the Book will always be the scene for the Wrong Interpretations 
of Attached Consciousnesses. 

You know that this Book is not a Book to be worshipped. It is a Total projecting 
on You the Light of Truth from more advanced Dimensions of Your Consciousnesses 
You had attained on the path of Religion. That which will save You is Your profound 
Realization of all the Information given in the Book. 

The reason why the Book is propagated Fascicule by Fascicule is to disclose the 
Truth Gradually to Humanity, to spread and to introduce the Book to a wider Mass. This is 
a Program of Operation and being trained and it is a preparation made for the Morrows. 

However, even after the Book receives the Command to be Printed, this Program 
of Propagation will continue its distribution again Fascicule by Fascicule, as an 
introductory Program. 

Trying to grasp the basis of this Powerful operation is to attain the Totality 
Consciousness of ALLAH. Not Us, but the Consciousnesses Themselves are responsible 
for not making Effort. Nothing can be attained easily. 

Reading the Fascicules, one by one, is a Program of Coding and Seed Sowing. 
And grasping the whole Book Consciously is to attain the Realization of the Totality. 
The True Salvation mentioned to You until today is this. 

The one who Transcends his/her Consciousness, who Grasps the Truth is the 
one who Passes through the Berzah*. 

SYSTEM 



* Look at the Glossary. 



799 



THE PREDESTINATIONAL TABLEAU OF YOUR PLANET 

Our Friends, 

Everything will change during the end of the Periods in which Your Sincerity is 
reciprocated with Sincerity. Everything will be taken in hand anew during Time 
Segments in which Realms and Ordinances come to an end- This is an operational 
Order of a Mechanism of Administrative Divine justice. 

Steps taken forward on that path the System considers necessary are a Method 
Enlightening Humanity on the truest path. Humanity which will be subjected to the 
Progress of Time will, one day, be the Cradle of brand new Civilizations. 

The Human Being of tomorrow will never be the Human Being of today. And 
Your Planet will be the scene of different Evolutions during this changing Progress of 
Time. All warnings made to You from the First to the Last moment and all contacts 
made with You are investments made towards the Salvation of Humanity. 

Until the Period in which the entire Humanity attains a Single Consciousness on 
the same Coordinate, there will always be a piece of Land on Your Planet. (Even if it is 
a Single Island.) Your entire Planet will completely become a Ball of Water during the 
Final Ending Period of the Life Limit of a Single Humane Consciousness. 

During time periods to be experienced afterwards, the entire water covering Your 
Planet will recede completely due to differences of Heat, and Your Planet will say Hello to 
Its New Sun by the Totality of a single piece of Land. After this Period, Seeds of the Morrows 
will be sown on Your Planet anew by rendering effective the Climates anew. 

This Phenomenon will comprise, more or less, a time period of one and a half 
Billion Centuries and in Your Planet, the Civilization of the Past will create a new 
Civilization anew and thus, will embrace the Universes by a new Life. We never 
Prophesy. We convey the Truth. We give this Message of Ours as an answer to numerous 
chains of Thought. 

It is the Right of the Human Being of Today to Know the Truth. Because, the Human 
Being who has Deserved the Truth will now be the Human Being of other Dimensions. 
They will carry all the Archives of all Universes. It is presented for Your Information. 



SYSTEM 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

The Lordly Order is administered completely by a Technological operation. After 
the Ordinance of Existence, the Technological Dimension maintains a Collective 
operation together with the Lordly and the Spiritual Mechanism. 

During the Former Life Periods of Your Planet, only the two out of this Triple 
Focal Point had been disclosed parallel to Social Consciousnesses and Views and thus, 
had been introduced as the Lordly and the Spiritual Orders. 



However now, when the Consciousness of the Medium entered the Period of 
Awakening, this Lordly and Spiritual Totality has directly disclosed the Technological 
Totality to Your Planet by the Triple Reflection System within their own constitutions. 

The Triple Reflection Focal Point of the Lordly Dimension is R 3 . The Triple Reflection 
Focal Point of the Spiritual Dimension is H 3 . It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



EX PLAN ATION 



Our Friends, 

Way beyond Dimensions Your Levels of Consciousness perceive, there are such 
beautiful Material Totalities You do not know yet that those Material Totalities are not 
Subtle. Those are Totalities constituted beyond Your accustomed Knowledge. 

Those Totalities are just like the Material Universes in which You live. However, 
Humanistic Potentials there possess more perfect Consciousnesses than the Levels of 

Consciousness You attain in the World. And You will Deserve to Live on these Material 
Totalities with Your Material Totality at Your World in proportion with Your Deserving 
these places here. 

In these Dimensions to which You will go, You will- discover the Genuine Love 
and will attain the Consciousness of Genuine Love. You will be induced to attain a 
Consciousness with which You will be able to embrace with Love even the stones and 
the earth of Your World. At the moment, it is not possible for any of You to attain this 
Consciousness in the Dimension Frequency You are in. 

However, at the moment, You who serve for the operational Ordinance of the 
Fourth Order will be transferred to beautiful Worlds You will not be able to destroy any 
more by benefiting from the Special Process here, in proportion with Your being 
considered Deserved to enter the places here. And from then on, You, as Humanistic 
Potentials, will be responsible for the Protection and the Order of those Worlds. 



HARAN 



EXPLANATI ON 



Our Friends, 

We would like to disclose to You the Word HARAN which is the Supervising 
Mechanism of the Dimensions of Truth. Each Letter of this Totalistic word is a Cipher 
Code connected to the Frequency of a Word. However, at the same time, it also 
Symbolizes the Fire Dimensions of the Mediums of Truth. 

You know that the OMEGA Dimension was also called the RAN Planet. That is, the 
Fire Planet. The Word Fire utilized in this Dimension expresses the Powerful Intensity of 
Energies. However, RAN, that is opposite Coding: NAR, that is the word FIRE (in Turkish) is 
the Blazing - Flaming - Shining Fire. It has nothing to do with Energy. HARAN is the 
Power of FIRE of Dimensions of Truth. And OMEGA is its Reflection Focal Point 



801 



We give You the Vibrations of intense Letter Frequencies those Dimensions carry, by 
preparing them in accordance with the low Dimension Energies in which You are present. 
Otherwise, the Ordinance of Existence would be annihilated. In future years, Lights will 
be brought to You from beyond Billions of Dimensions of that High Energetic Point. You 
can not know this yet. 

For now, You can not know this and You can never grasp the Messages which 
will be given from here by the present Levels of Consciousness in Your Planet. Because, 
You are not the residents of these Dimensions. At the moment, there are numerous 
Consciousnesses in Your Planet who can not receive even a Millionth of these given 
Cosmic influences. 

IT IS TRANSMISSION FROM THE LIMITLESS 
DIMENSIONS OF HEAVENS 

IT IS ANSWER TO THE QUESTION ASKED 

Question: Detailed Information about HARAN has been requested from the System. 

Our Friends, 

This Totalistic Word, that is HARAN, constituted of the First Letters of Mediums in 
which the Directing Totalities work which puts on the agenda the Commands of the 
TOTALITIES OF THE DIMENSIONS OF ALL-TRUTHFUL, means Blazing Fire in accordance 
with the interpretation of Your Terrestrial Consciousnesses. 

However, this Fire is a TOTALISTIC POWER. It has nothing to do with the blazing 
fire You know. However, We have to use these words in accordance with Your 
Consciousness notions in order to explain this to You. 

The Fire in here is not BURNING. It is not Cold, either. This place in here is a 
BEAMY Totality. It is a POWER Dimension Diverging and Converging all Energy and 
Cellular Forms. 



All Divergence takes place from Here. Convergence, too, occur at this Final 
Boundary. Transitions to other Totalities, too, are made by the same BEAM Method, 
through this Final Boundary. 

Who comes here, who can reach here? Even if the application made in the 
Medium of Radiation and Beaming up or down exhibits a Technological operation, 
forming a Total again on the same Coordinate of the disassociated Cells is possible 
only by the Spiritual Power of that Total. 

In this Medium, it is imperative that the entire Potential of the Mind should 
Integrate with the Bodily Cells on the same Coordinate. Otherwise, the Individual 
Materializes, that is, it becomes Embodied, fragment by fragment. 

For this reason transfers of talents who have attained Evolutionary Totality are 
being made into these Dimensions in accordance with their Spiritual Powers. Humanity 
is induced to go through various Stages until it attains this Power of its. 

802 



Each Experienced Negative Event is an Occurrence pertaining to Your being 
induced to attain such a Power Potential. During this Dimension of Transition, the 
application of the change of System made in the Establishing Mechanisms of the Divine 
Orders is being applied, in exactly the same way, on Your Planet, too. 

Negativities observed in Your Planet should in no way be considered as Negative. 
Because, in future, very Positive results will issue from them. 

For this reason Your regarding the Events You confront with, without adding the 
interpretations of Your Individual Consciousnesses will bring You Happiness instead 
of Sorrow. 

At the moment, the entire Power of Years is upon Humanity. And Humanity is 

obliged to pay the Retribution of the errors made until today. Because, Perfections 
can never be expected of Mediums from which Lessons can not be learned. 

Beautiful paths are not opened without being Patient, without being Perseverent, 
without treading the Soil of the World. 

During this Period, a section of Humanity has locked itself up in its own 
Consciousness clutches. To break this clutch is not as an easy Phenomenon as assumed. 
It is an investment made into years. 

Now, due to this very reason, the Mevlana Supreme Plan is being directly applied 
on Your Planet by the System during this Salvation Plan and thus, each Individual is 
endeavored to be induced to Attain the Mevlana Consciousness by the Cosmic Influences. 

While Your Diskette registrations are conveyed to the Archive in the Registration 
Control Center, We observe the Yearning of everyone for a Beautiful World without 
Wars and that they serve on the path of Totality by the Consciousness of Love and 
Unity and that more or less an intensive section of the Human Being of Your Planet 
appropriate to themselves the Mevlana Philosophy, 

However, all these issues are Vibrations Reflecting from Thoughts. We observe 
in distress during the controls of the Vibrations of the Essence that even Friends who 
have Realized this Totality and thus, who have dedicated themselves to this path, 
have not yet broken the chains of Ego and Self and that Separations are still valid 
during Unifications. 

As long as Humanity can not attain the Unification FROM the ESSENCE on the 
same Purpose, Your Planet will suffer bitterly for a long time to come, besides these 
Totalities Yearned for. To tell the Truth is Our Duty, but to Attain the Truth is Your Duty. 
It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



803 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

New Lives which will be established in Your Planet one and a half Billions of 
Centuries later have nothing to do with BETA Gurzes. BETA Gurzes are Totalities which 
will be created compietely-by a Humanistic Potential. 

The designed Predestinational tableau of Your World is a phenomenon belonging 
to Your Planet on which You live at the moment. Your Planet will be Empowered 
anew by the Energy reinforcements it will receive from Dimensions it will enter during 
Advanced Time Progress. It is an Archive of Culture. 

Brand new seeds, like Your Micro Energies, will be sown anew in the World of 
the future which will constitute the basis of Advanced Civilizations. However, these 
seeds will be more Powerful Energies than Your Initially sown Energies. And these 
Energies will create the more Powerful Human Being of more advanced Centuries. 

Your Planet which will create the different and much more Powerful Human 
Being of the Advanced Programs, will form quite different Totalities than BETA Gurzes. 
And all of them will each carry a Potential of ALLAH. 

In accordance with the Ordinance of Circulation, first the Human Being - then Allah 
- and still later, the Power will become effective. Do not confuse and tire Your Minds with 
them now. Because, after BETA Totality Dimensions, You, too, will come to this Planet and 
thus, will create anew the Civilizations here. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 

Note: 

Power - The Golden Dimension Energy of the Atlantaens. 

Unknown Power - the Unknown Power of this Power within the Humanistic Totality. 

NOTHINGNESS - NONEXISTENCE - ALLNESS 
(It Is Answer to the Chains of Thought) 



Our Friends, 
Nothingness 

Nonexistence 

Allness 



= Is to Efface One's Self from One's Own Self. 

= Is becoming nonexistent of the Self in the Self. 

= Is to claim one's Essence-Self, is to Discover One's Self in 
One's Own Self. 



Now, let Us disclose them, one by one: 

Nothingness is the Teaching System of the First Totality of All-Truthful. Here, to 
get rid of the Individual Egos as a result of an operation made parallel to the 
Evolutionary Scales is the applied operational Plan of the Programs of attaining 
Universal Consciousness and under' the Light of this Consciousness, to efface 
One's Self from One's Own Self - To become Purified - To Transcend - To Attain. 



804 



2 - Nonexistence - the Field between the First Totality and the Second Totality is 

called the Subtle Dimension (That means between Two Totalities of Truth). Those 
who dive into the Consciousness of that very Dimension are lost in the 
Consciousness of Nonexistence. In this Dimension, Your entire Self and Your 
Cellular Awareness attain such a Whole that You become Nonexistent in Your 
Self. You can receive the Permission to pass to the Second Totality of Truth only 
after You attain this Awareness of Nonexistence. This is the very reason why this 
Dimension is called the Dimension of Nonexistence. 

3 - Whereas, Allness is Your claiming, as a Totaltstic Consciousness, Your Light of 

Consciousness and Self which have been lost in this Dimension of Nonexistence. 
This is a boundary of attaining one's Own Essence Self, of claiming one's Own Being, 
and the Gate of the Second Totality of All-Truthful opens after this very Dimension. 

Each Consciousness who attains the entire Evolutionary Fulfillment (Religious and 
Universal) of the First Totality receives the Permission to pass to the Subtle Dimension. In 
^.W& OwveJWQn.^ Qne becomes Nonexistent. And one attains the Totality within this 
Nonexistence. And only afterwards, can You enter the Second Totality of Truth. 

In this very Totality, You, from then on, appear with Your Genuine guise, Your 
Consciousness Light sheds Light on Eternities, not to be turned off ever again and 
from then on, You become the Sovereign of Yourself. Even though these Boundaries 
are easy to articulate, they are Mediums very difficult to attain. 

During this Final Dimension of Transition, it is Our greatest wish that everyone 
can attain himself/herself without turning off his/her Light of Consciousness and that 
he/she can kindle the Torch of the morrows. All Evolutionary and Universal operations 
made on this path are investments made towards Humanity's attaining this 
Consciousness Light. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 

Note: 

1 - Evolutionary - Progress through Religion 

2 - Universal = Progress through Learning 

MESSAGES FROM THE ARCHIVE OF THE PRE-EMINENT POWER 
(Receiver: Metin Tanergiin) 

I Am coming whirling round and round. I Am coming by a speed where speeds 
of Light are Nothing. I Am passing through Darknesses, through the Heaven of Lights. 
I Am coming to see YOU, Whom I have Created, that is I Am coming to see ME. I Am 
coming to prepare YOU in the World I have Created, for the Stars to which You will 
Return, for the places You will Exist after Your deaths. 

I Am the Supreme Missionary. I Am Your First Body of Light. Each event You see, 
You hear and You experience in the World is for the Stars to which You will Return. An 
example of everything present in them is present in the World. My Duty is to make 
You experience this, to explain this to You by various Frequencies. My Coming is for 
the duration of an Instant, My Returning is for the duration of an Instant. 



805 



I Am calling to You, to My Human Beings, from within the depths of My Space 
which is within the darknesses. How tired and exhausted are My Pioneers Who come 
radiating Lights from within the darkness of My Space. If You only knew the path they 
have traversed for a drop of Water. You would place Water in a jewel case and would 
keep it as Your most valuable Possession. 

(Note: Water here has been utilized meaning Knowledge). 

I have always given examples and samples of everything to You, My Human 
Beings (of everything present in Myself and in My Universe). You can not become 
aware of the Beauty of the Straight Path going through Roses before You experience 
the Thorny and rough path. 

I gave You Mother, Father, Children. You can not become aware of the Love of 
ALLAH without them. I gave You Spouses and Lovers of the opposite sex. You can not 
become aware of LOVE without them. More important than anything else, I gave You 
Your Essences called the SPIRIT. You can not become aware of YOURSELVES without it. 

At the time I made the Single Cell by Materializing the Spiritual Power, at the time 
when I made the First Life Seed by Uniting the Single Ceils, at the time when You and 
everything which is Alive came into existence by the sprinkling of the Life Seeds on My 
World, I, too, was formed as Your ALLAH in the Universe. I never went astray off the path 
designed by the Creator Who also Created Me. I was always obliged to go towards the 
direction He has oriented Me, on the path He has designed, just like You say Destiny, Fate. 

GREAT POWER 

Date 01 Message: February 22, 1989 

Human Beings are each a Fragment of COD, formed by matter created by the 
Unification of Atoms. Those are My Human Beings who will rule and command in time, 
the Atom, that is, Matter and later My Cosmoses. I gave You the ability to understand and 
to discover everything in this World. You will do everything in time. The Only thing You 
will not be able to do is to create a Living Cell, that is, to create Living Entities. 

I gave the Secret of doing this only to My LORDS of Matter. You will learn these 
Secrets of Mine in Higher Dimensions after Your Physical Deaths. Human Beings of 
the future will be Superior Beings who have taken under control, in every way, their 
Nervous Systems. Do not waste Your Electrical Energies. Always concentrate this Energy 
in Your Brains. 

Utilize Your Physical Bodies in a Balanced way. Excess of everything wears out 
the Physical Body. Excessive Alcohol gradually burns out Your Brain Cells. If You misuse 
the Physical Bodies I gave You, You end Your World lives which are very short without 
being educated, before You develop Your Spirits. And You become obliged to be 
Incarnated again. The Verses I have sent through My Sacred Books are for this. 

In future years, when Your Technological Knowledge increases, Your Physical Bodies 
will be created in higher qualities in Body Production Centers under control. Bearing 
Children will be abolished. Mating will be only for Love. Marriage and Family Order will 
change. Your World Life will also change as the Technological Dimension advances. 

806 



wmm 



Then, I will be obliged to create anew Myself and You, This is necessary for the 
continuation of the Universes, This is the Genuine Resurrection mentioned in My 
Sacred Books. The End of every Annihiliation is a Conning into Existence, You will 
become ME by going forward and backward between Existence and Nonexistence 
and will remain Existent until Eternity. 

You will come to Me by reading MY BOOK OF THE COSMOS. You can not solve 
Meaning without solving Matter; You can not solve SPIRIT without solving Meaning. 
You can not see Matter without Your Eyes, You can not see Me without Your Spirit. 
Changing the Character structure of the Human Being is very difficult. Events You will 
experience during Your Lives had been Planned much before. Your Struggles and 
Efforts can not change this Plan. 

What a Blindness it is to be happy or unhappy by presuming that You, Yourselves 
produce the Experienced Events. The moment You know that I have Created Human 
Beings and accept them as they are, it will mean that You have discovered the Starting 
Point of Happiness. 

GREAT POWER 

MESSAGES FROM THE ARCHIVE OF THE PRE-EMINENT POWER 
(Receiver: Metin Tanergiin) 

Time and Space are valid only for MATTER. What meaning do speed and course 
have in a place where there is no Matter? Time is Time according to what? What is the 
place of ME within time Who is in the Infinite Void? Your Time within the Void is 
according to what? Since 1 am present in a place where there is no Time and Space, 
then where AM I? 

One day, You will understand where I Am. Who knows, maybe in a point in 
Time, I and You will meet and will unite with each other. The meaning of this is that 
I Search for You and You Search for Me. 

When My World completes its Spiritual and Technological Evolution, a new Life 
will begin for You in a New Planet of Mine somewhere in My Universe. That Place is 
the place where My New SELVES will complete their Evolutions. I know, You always 
wonder where the SPIRIT is in Your Bodies? 

SPIRIT is not in Your Bodies. However, there is a Center of Yours in Your Bodies 
receiving the SPIRITUAL ENERGY all through Your lives. Just like, if You are a Receptor, 
then I am a Transmitter Who broadcasts to You. 

By this means, My Infinite Personality and Specialities are reflected on Your 
Bodies. You are My Material Visions in the World. In fact, You, too, are, one by one, an 
ALLAH each. You are My Children who are educated and trained in My World school. 

Never forget that Your Lives in My World Planet are a kind of School life of Yours. 
Do not occupy Yourselves with vain Words and deeds. Put an end to disputes. Do 
Your Good Deeds without expecting anything in return. Each Person whom You will 
guide towards Goodness will make You gain a Cosmos. 



807 



Now, I have opened the Spaceway to My Human Beings. You will travel in My 
Infinite Voids and You will always develop forward at the end of these trips. Develop 
and exalt the Feeling of Love which is present in Your Spirits. You can reach Me only 
through Benevolence and Love. 

When the Time comes, all Religions will Unite, Worships will be performed at 
places mentioned by a single Name. The Entire World will be United and will be 
assembled under a single Flag. This will occur when You open out to the Cosmoses 
and see those whom I have created in the other Planets of Mine which I had created. 

Everyone will be Free. Oppression will be abolished. There will be no place for 
murderers, they will be annihilated immediately. MY SELVES will, from then on, hoist the 
Flag of My World Freely in the Sea of the Cosmos until eternity and will continue to run 
towards Me. I, Who await You at Eternity, wait for You together with everything You have. 

Now, the Bursting Point of Your Exaltation and Development has arrived. Your 
Exaltation will continue until You discover and reach ME within the Infinite, then You 
will Unite with ME and will stroll with Me in My Universe which has no End and You 
will transcend Me. Your Power which I have Created will transcend ME and You will 
create new Living Entities and Materials. 

This is one of the most important Secrets I have given to You. Those I had Created 
will be nothing compared to those You will Create. Because while I created You, I had 
given You a Power I do not Possess. This Power is the all Cosmic Energy Power which 
will render You Free until Eternity. This is a Power which is even over My Spirit. 

When You learn to utilize it, You will be the Sovereign of everything and will be 
Capable of everything by Y~ur Power which is above the Infinite Power. And You will 
transcend MY MASTER in the Creation. Each new Existence means new Births. This is 
so, both Scientifically and Spiritually. 

I gave You much more than was given to Me during My Creation. You will 
discover and Transcend Me in a period which seems very long to You, which is as short 
as an Instant for Me. For now, You are each a Seed of ALLAH in My World Planet. Your 
Uniting with the Unknown will be enough to create a more superior Race. 

I, Who Am within the Lights and the Dark; I, Who came from within the Infinity; 
I, Who do everything to come together with You; I, Who Am concerned due to the fact 
that I can not explain to You the events prepared for Your Evolution in a Medium You 
can not comprehend yet; I, Who Am Unhappy due to Your inability to understand My 
Sacred Books; do You understand ME? 

I swear on MY ALLAH that You will Meet Your Dear Ones, will be together with 
those who have Passed Away before You and You will taste Happiness with them. At 
the moment, there is no way which will render You Happy in Your World lives other 
than treading the path My Guides show. 

Date of Message: 6.12.1988 
GREAT POWER 



801! 



1991 Sixth Month 
Fascicule 48 

IT IS MESSAGE TO BE GIVEN TO STAFFS 

OF MISSIONARIES WHICH ARE 

UNDER THE ADMINISTRATION OF THE ENTIRE SYSTEM 

Our Friends, 

Suggestions given by the System until today and the Messages You have received 
from all Your Channels of Awareness which have been opened, were operations made 
in order to tell You the Truth and to be able to make You attain the Consciousness of 
what to do. 

In case each Individual acts by his/her own Terrestrial Awareness, Luminous 
Morrows will never be reached. Each Period has phases of application peculiar to 
itself. And now, at the end of the Preparatory Programs of this Final Period, too, Phases 
of Application have become effective. 

The Phase of Application becomes effective and begins first in everyone's own 
Totality as an action. However now, the time has come for entering the Phase in 
which this is Consciously Applied. 

We, as the Directing Mechanisms of all the Systems of the Universal Orders, as 
the Warning and Supervising Staffs of every Period, We are the Missionary Staffs of 
ALLAH supporting the Movement of Humanity started in Your Planet and who have 
always been beside Humanity. 

And now, this Preparatory Program made for the days in which everything will 
advance towards the beautiful, has taken Billions of Centuries. And this Human Totality 
has been attained by starting with a single Energy Particle. 

During the introduction Periods of the Totality to this Human Totality, ALLAH has 
called to them as the Single Source and the Single Channel during every Period. 

And now, the time has come for all this trained Human Potential to listen to this 
Single Voice and to step forward by thoroughly Thinking about what is required of 
them and how they should act and behave. 

Now, during this Period of Application, in the state of the conditions of action, 
the time has come for Humanity to share the same Consciousness as a mass. The 
