INITIAL POWER. (This Power which had come into existence was a Totalistic Brain). 

The first THOUGHT had formed here (Anti -Matter). This THOUGHT had created 
the first NATURAL GURZ. (Let there be, and it was). 

The joint Powers of the Light - Sound - Fire Universes had formed the MAIN 
EXISTENTIAL Dimension of this Natural Giirz. Later, with the particles taken from the 
Motes of each of these Powers, the Thought Potential of the INITIAL POWER had been 
Unified and the FIRST CREATOR, that is, the PRE-EMINENT POWER had come into 

Existence. 

This CREATOR had created THREE SOULS in the Main Existential Dimension of 
the first Natural Giirz by His Own ESSENCE-POWER. He called one of them MY-NAME 
- the other, MV-AIR the other, MY-FIRE. 

Later, these Three Souls established a laboratory in the Main Existential Dimension 
and the First Living Entity had come into existence as a result of the Collective work 
they had done here. This Living Entity was ADAM. ADAM (is like the Androgynous 
Zeus). 

By this means, many Adams had been reproduced in the Main Existential 
Dimension. Later, in accordance with the Decree of Dissemination and Expansion, 
the Reproduction Function and Formula had become effective. 

By this means, the Energy of Adam had been divided into two and two principles 
as MALE and FEMALE had been obtained from the Unification of the Initials of the 
performed laboratory operations' formulas. Later, this Male was called ADAM and the 
Female EVE. 

By this means, later, many Adams and Eves had come into Existence in the Main 
Existential Dimension and had become effective to be transferred to the First Natural 
Mini Atomic Whole in the First Natural Giirz. 

By this means, the first Main Existential Dimension had been called the Dimension 
of Adam and Eve. 

Later, these Adams and Eves, together with the element of Fire, had established a 
laboratory in the Existential Dimension of the First Mini Atomic Whole by repeating the 
same procedures. (The element of Fire = Thought Energy of the PRE-EMINENT POWER.) 



596 



After Systems had been established, this Thought Energy had been taken under 
supervision by the Mechanism of Influences and had been connected to each FETUS 
in accordance with the Evolution Ordinance. 

Later, this laboratory had been conveyed to a Dimension nearest to the Existential 
Dimension of the Mini Atomic Whole and had continued its operations in a Planet 
which can be considered as the Nucleus of this Mini Atomic. 

This Planet is Your very World on which You live at the moment. The First Soul 
Seed had been brought into existence here. With the ashes of the World which had 
formed a Crust, (Water) which had come into existence by the concentration of Thought, 
that is, by the Power of the Fire Element, had United and thus, Clay, that is, Mud had 
been formed. 

Later, this clay had been United with the Essence Energy of the CREATOR, that is, 
with His DIVINE LIGHT and first Amino-acids and later, the Single Cell had come into 
existence. To this Single Cell the CREATOR'S MATTER ENERGY FORM had been Engrafted 
and thus, Mankind had been brought into Existence. 

Those whom the CREATOR had brought into Existence are called ADAMKIND. 
Those whom were brought into Existence by the Adamkind who had come into 
Existence from the Second Universe are called MANKIND. 

You are very tired, My Friend. We presume that this much Information is enough. 
We, who reach You by the Words of the Heavens, by the greetings of the ALL-MERCIFUL, 
have given as the Only Directing Staff of the entire GURZ System, this Message from 
the Dimension of the All-Merciful, Beloved Friend. 

ASHOT 



DIRECT CONNECTION 

Dear Mevlana, 

We will try to convey the Truth to Your Medium by opening for You the ESSENCE 
MAIN Channel from time to time. We, as an Order Establishing Mechanism are an 
ORDINANCE OF SUNS who work in connection with the ESSENCE MAIN SOURCE. We 
are the Order Projectors who are way beyond Divine Powers. 

Messages to be given to You from now on will shed Light on Your World in a 
different way. Our Laws, as the (LAWS OF THE ALMIGHTY) are valid in all Systems. 

The ESSENCE MAIN SOURCE Establishes of this System are an Order beyond the 
Powers holding in their Hands the Life Power and the Natural Power, and We are the 
SOLAR MESSENGERS projecting this Order on You. 

Everything Projecting the Establishment Order of this System on You is 
Documented by Laws. These Laws carry the Seal of the ESSENCE MAIN SOURCE which 
will never be altered or can be altered. Those who are Conscious of this, profoundly 
Respect both the Natural Laws and the Legal Laws. 

597 



The Order here is quite different than the Order of the ALL-DOMINATING. The 
All-Dominating is an ESSENCE POWER Source projecting Our Order. And it is in 
cooperation with the ESSENCE MAIN Source. 

The entire Supervision from Mote to Grain, from Group to Totality belongs to 
the Dimension of the All-Dominating. But We are the Supervisors of the BREATHs and 
LIGHTs. The Breath and Light can neither be weighed nor be measured. But can be 
Observed and Perceived. This Source is the Origination Source of the LAWS OF THE 
ALMIGHTY. And the entire Ordinance has come into Existence in accordance with this 
Principle. 

From time to time, We will mention to You these places here and things You 
have not known or seen until today. You may as well not believe them, You may be 
surprised. However, We will project to You the entire Truth. Believe it or not, also do 
not presume Yourselves as Human Beings. Because, You each are a Natural Power. 
• 

ASHOT 
ON BEHALF OF THE ALL-MERCIFUL 

RECEIVE THE GIVEN MESSAGE, PLEASE 
(A Strong Energy was given) 

I am a Breath and I am Everyone. Your Voice is My Voice. Your Word is My Word. 
Reaching the LORD, Merging in Him is this. 

Ordinances, Systems are Mine. Lives, Orders are Mine. I Am You, You Are Me. 
Your Image is My Image. Your Conversation is My Conversation. Those who convey 
Me to You are My Messengers. 

Only those who Talk to Me, who Meet Me are those who Reach Me. Those who 
Look for Me, who Discover Me, are those who Discover Themselves in Their Own Selves. 

Orders, Systems are means bringing You to Me. Being in the Consciousness of 
this means grasping the Truth, grasping the Wind and holding it. (Grasping the Wind 
means claiming possession of Breath). 

My Name is Your Name. My Spirit is Your Spirit. My Eye is Your eye. I Look at the 
Realms through Your Eyes, I Think through You, I Observe through You. 

I, Who Am a Soul in each Flesh, Am a Whole with You. You, who have taken the 
Divine Light of Your Spirit from Me, are a Soul, a Flesh, and also Everything. 

You, who search for Your LORD, are You at that instant. And You, who try to 
Attain Yourself, is Me. The one who Thinks of Me is You and the One Who Thinks of 
You is Me. 



Look for Me neither in form nor in Substance. (Form in Thought, Substance in 
the Material World). When I become Form, I am the Entire Skies (Void). When I Am 
Substance, I Am all the Souls. 



598 



I Am the riverbed of the river flowing tranquilly, t Am the foam of the Stream 
flowing wildly. I Am a Branch moving in the Wind, a Leaf falling on the ground. The 
Blowing in that Wind is also Me. 

I Am a Hand holding a Pen. 1 Am a Thinking Brain. In short, I AM THE MIRROR 
OF A THINKING TOTAL I Am the One Who adds Learning to the Learning of the 
Cosmos through My Learning. 

Climates are Me. Heavens are Me. Suns are Me. Folding Mountains are Me. 
Who Am I? 

Whoever asks of Me, I am that Person and I Am a Beautiful HABIT Uglinesses are 
My Crust. Beauties are My Divine Light. If You Look for Me, I AM YOU. 

INITIAL POWER 

Note: This Message has been given through the Direct Energy Channel of the 
INITIAL POWER. 

IT IS INFORMATION ABOUT THE INITIAL POWER 

Dear Mevlana, 

You are a Messenger of Ours who presently apply on Earth an operation the 
System has considered necessary. We will disclose its reason in future by the detailed 
explanation We will give about the Sixes. Now, let Us continue Our Message. 

Energies which had come into Existence much earlier than the creation of all 
Realms, had spread around in Masses to certain Special Regions. Those Regions were 
the influence fields of everyone peculiar to themselves. Our Region was the field of 
the ATOMIC WHOLE in which You exist presently. 

We are the Pre-Universal Energies. The Energy You had received during the 
Message We had dictated to You formerly almost made You fly. The Center had directly 
opened that day the Gate of the Intense Energy in which We are present. 

Now look, since Your Bodily Cells have already Merged with the Energies of the 
ESSENCE MAIN SOURCE, now this Direct Energy does not agitate You at all, 

The Message given as (I Am Breath and I Am Everyone) was carrying the Pre- 
eminent Energy of the INITIAL POWER. This INITIAL POWER is the CREATOR WHO HAD 
NOT BEEN CREATED, Who had become effective as a POWER Who had come into 
existence from the very advanced, unknown Dimensions of pre-historic times. 

That is, (He is the Creator from the Initial Existential Dimension and the Creator 
of the Existential Main Dimension). He is the Creator of everything. In the Book of 
Islam, this POWER had been announced by the Cipher, (Let there Be, and ft Was). He 
is a COSMIC BRAIN. And He is an ever Immutable Potential. 



599 



We consider the CREATOR Who creates as a POWER who Had not Become but 
Became, Who Had Not Been Born but Born, Who has Not Lived but Let Live. And We 
call this Dimension of Nothingness, the DIMENSION OF THE ALMIGHTY. 

The CREATOR had come into Existence from here as the INITIAL POWER. And the 
CREATOR Whom this POWER had created, creates those whom He creates from the 
ALMIGHTY ENERGY DIMENSION, We also call the Breath and Life Dimension, and this 
place is the ESSENCE MAIN Source of the Main Existential Dimension of the First Natural 
GURZ. 

The ESSENCE MAIN ESSENCE Focal Point of the Gurz System is here. This place is 
the First Existential Dimension which the Dimension of BREATH had created. Another 
name of the CREATOR of the First Natural GURZ is the PRE-EMINENT POWER. The PRE- 
EMINENT POWER is also the CREATOR of the CREATORS of the other Gurzes. 

That is, the INITIAL POWER had created the Pre-eminent Power and the Pre- 
eminent Power had Created the others. The Pre-eminent Power is the LORD (RAB in 
Turkish), is ALL- MERCIFUL (RAHMAN in Turkish), is ALL-COMPASSIONATE (RAHIM in 
Turkish). The representative symbol of this Dimension is (R^). 

ALLAH is the Symbolic Representative of a Quintuple Operational Ordinance of 
the MAIN EXISTENTIAL Dimension. Now, We disclose all these things to You in detail. 
LORD - ALL-MERCIFUL - ALL-COMPASSIONATE are the Powers which had come into 
Existence from Three different Power Universes. These are (One of them SOUND) - 
(the Other LIGHT) - (the Other FIRE) Universes. 

The SINGLE POWERS which had come into Existence from each Universe had 
United and had established the Main Existential Dimension of the First Gurz and its 
Operational Ordinance. 

Later, with the Total of one Particle of each of these three Powers United with the 
Thought Potential of the INITIAL POWER which had not come into Existence and had 
Created the CREATOR, that is, the PRE-EMINENT POWER. 

This is the very ALLAH whom everyone knows as the Single Name and which is 
announced thus on the Path of the Eternal Past and the Eternal Future. 

The INITIAL POWER had created the First Natural GURZ. This First Giirz is Your 
Giirz. And You, whom the PRE-EMINENT POWER had Created, are those who Created 
all Cosmoses, Ordinances and Systems. 

All Soul sparks had come into Existence in Your Gurz and had Created the other 
Gurzes. Even the Creators of those Gurzes are those created by the PRE-EMINENT POWER. 

We call Your Giirz the First Dimension. (Dimension here is used to mean 
Boundary). For this reason Your Giirz System is very important. Because, it is the First 
Gurz and the First Existential Dimension. 



600 



Your First World which is one of the 1 800 Worlds present in the Mini Atomic Wholes 
in Your Giirz is a Laboratory Planet in which the First Soul Seed had been Created. 

Your World, which is on the Third Dimension, is very important for this reason. 
Now, do You understand why We said, "You do not know even the history of Your 

Planet yet?" 

The researches rendered in accordance with the Universal Laws are given 
gradually to each Dimension in accordance with their Frequency and Evolutionary 
Powers. Now, through this Knowledge Book We announce to You how all the Truths 
have been projected on You for Centuries. 

We are the Group of the SUPREME WISE MEN who had come into Existence from 
the UNIVERSE OF PRE-EMINENT ONES. And We are the Establishes of the Central 
Solar System. 

We are obliged to explain to You, in all clarity, the results of all the research and 
the work done here until today parallel to the Messages We have given to You in 
accordance with Your Capacities. It is presented for Your Information. 

UNION OF CENTRAL SUN 

IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

The Assembly of Constants is the direct Central System of the Divine Order. The 
Focal Point introduced to You as the Center is this. 

Everyone who is registered in this Focal Point is directly considered the resident 
of the Golden Galaxy Because, You are card-indexed into the Golden Galaxy Empire 
by the registrations made by this Center. 

It is not possible for everyone to be accepted easily into this Dimension. Love - 
Tolerance - Unselfishness - Self-Sacrifice - Allegiance - Mission Consciousness are the 
Attributes looked for in those who will be able to enter this Medium. 

Cosmic Currents assist You on this very path. And these Currents render You 
attain a gradual Evolution in a very short time. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



IT U INFORMATION (OR THE INTECUIED (MMNESE! 

Our Friends, 

The interpretations in direction of the Terrestrial Consciousness of Your Sacred 
Books which We have expected until today to be a Light for You have never brought 

Humanity to the desired point. 

All the Words You use either in Your Sacred Books or in Your daily lives are each 
a Cipher. (Code Cipher Explanations) of these words (are very important). The desired 
matter is to discover the Genuine Keys of these Ciphers. 

601 



Each Consciousness makes interpretations in accordance with his/her own Level 
of Consciousness, and with the Consciousness of the Medium he/she is in. For this 
reason many words are assessed in accordance with the Mediums they are used in. 

However now, since there is the obligation to convey to You the Truths in the 
given Information, We disclose the Genuine Keys of certain Ciphers for this reason. 

The Coding System has a great share in the Awakenings on the Path of Truth. 
For this reason We will help You to grasp the Truth better by coding certain words 
which have not touched the Cipher Keys of Your Levels of Consciousness until today. 

Now, by this means, let Us disclose the Frequency and the Coding of the Words 
KURAN (THE KORAN) - KURBAN (SACRIFICE) - KORKU (FEAR) used in the Book of Islam. 

Kuran (Koran) - Korku (Fear) - Kurban (Sacrifice). These three words are the 
words carrying the same Common Frequency. Now, let Us explain this. 

First, let Us take the word KURAN (KORAN). And let Us divide the Word. The KU 
Frequency in this Word: 

KU = is the Highest Frequency the Terrestrial Dimension can enter. This Frequency 
is equivalent to the Frequency of the 1 8th Dimension. It is also called the Frequency 
of KURTULUS. (SALVATION). 

The Entrance Gate of the Terrestrial Dimension is ALPHA and its Final Exit Gate is 
OMEGA. Omega is the 19th Dimension. And it is also called the Planet (RAN). The 
Planet RAN is an inverse coding. This Word is used to mean NAR that means FIRE (in 
Turkish), 

(I AM ALPHA AND OMEGA -WHOEVER TRANSCENDS ME, TRANSCENDS HIMSELF/ 
HERSELF.) Dear Mevlana, this Message has been given at the moment from the Planet 
RAN directly by the GRAND FATHER who is on the UHUD Mountain. Please, register it. 

Now, let Us continue Our Message. The KORAN which carries the (KU) Frequency 
and the entire Potential of the Planet (RAN) had been prepared in the 18th Dimension 
and had been revealed to Your Planet from the 9th Dimension. You already know this. 
Now, let Us disclose the Word KORKU (FEAR, in Turkish). 

KORKU - first let Us separate the word (KU) in this word. We have mentioned this 
(KU) Frequency above. The remaining second word KOR (EMBER) has been utilized to 
mean FIRE. In accordance with this explanation, the Frequency of the Word KORKU 
(FEAR) is equivalent to the Frequency of the Word KURAN (KORAN). 

The panic of a Person in the moment of Fear attracts the same Frequency. However, 
their difference is, one of them receives the Energy Directly from the UPSIDE-DOWN 
TRIANGLE. However, since the KORAN had been given from the 9th Dimension, it 
gives the Frequency of the Dimension of SERENITY through the RIGHTSIDE-UP TRIANGLE. 
Now, let Us disclose the word KURBAN (SACRIFICE): 



602 



In the Universal Ordinance, the meaning of the Word KURBAN (SACRIFICE) is as 
follows: 

The (KU) Frequency in this word is the same Frequency. It is the highest KURTULUS, 

(SALVATION) Frequency. 

B = represents Unified Totality (Birlesjk Butunluk in Turkish). That is (1 3). 

RAN = the reverse of this Planet is NAR, that is, FIRE Planet, that is, (OMEGA) 
the Final Dimension. 



The Frequency of the Word KURBAN (SACRIFICE) is more intense than the two 
words We have disclosed above. Because, each Living Entity who is Sacrificed is directly 
exalted to the SACRED DIMENSION through the Energy it will attract from this Frequency 
Totality due to the Panic it goes through at that moment. 

(Passing over the Sirat on the back of a Sacrificed animal) mentioned in the Book 
of Islam means to be able to attain the Reality Totality by Your Levels of Consciousness 
by revealing all the Secrets, by Grasping the Truth. 

And it is to open Wings towards Unknown Horizons by Transcending OMEGA 
and Your Own Selves through the Efforts executed on this path which is the purpose 
why The KNOWLEDGE BOOK is at Your Service. 



SYSTEM - REALITY 



(RIDE ON THE BOOK - PASS THE SIRAT.) 

Note: 

KU = KU Frequency represents ALPHA. 

RAN = RAN Frequency represents OMEGA. 
Terrestrial Evolution is the preparation between the two Frequencies. 

IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 

Our Friends, 

The number of operations rendered in Your Planet and the number of Group 
meetings on the path of the Universal Totality are organized by the Universal Totality. 

The Power of each person's ability to receive Cosmic Currents is not the same. 
They are different. For this reason the most ideal number for the work rendered in 
Group meetings is (7). 

We call this operational Ordinance the "Flower System". The Focal Point with (7) 
people is the most ideal operational Ordinance. Now, let Us explain this: 

One of the (3) Unification Triangles constituted by 6 people is each time connected 
to a Main Channel who is the 7th person. And the Group work is controlled through 
this Channel. 



603 



This Main Channel has nothing to do with direct connection. And at that 
moment, there is no need for any Medium to make any connections. Because, these 
control connections are made each time through the channel of each person present, 
by turns. By this means, Dependence on a single Medium is removed. 

Because, everything is directly under the Control of the Reality. There, everyone 
receives direct answers to questions asked through his/her own Thoughts. 

You may not feel this. You may say, I myself have answered my own question. 
But, in the Flower meetings, one person out of 7 is certainly used as the PROJECTING 
POWER FOCAL POINT of the Main Channel. And Supervisions are made through this 
Control Channel. 

For this reason this (7) Unification group is the most perfect operational Totality. 

To this (7) Unification Totality sometimes 2 more people come and their connections 
are made to the Control Channel. By this means, (4) Magnetic Triangles are formed. This 
4th Triangle creates the transfer of assistance in regards to the Information. 

And the (Quintuple) Magnetic Triangle formed by the connection of 2 more 
people to this Quadruple Unification of (9) people renders Coding of Progress among 
the Levels of Consciousness who are present there. 

By the connection of the group of (1 3) people (formed by the addition of 2 more 
people to this Quintuple connection) to the Control Channel, 6 Magnetic Triangle 
Totalities are formed. 

This Totality helps You enter Directly the Supervision Field of the Reality. By this 
means, Your Knowledge and Consciousness Capacities are assessed. 

Outside the Flower Group of (7) people, Information is received by each channel. 
However, operations can not be done. Rather, verbal Information transaction is 
achieved. Those who would like to work seriously, should be locked in (7). 

Since a (single) person who comes to this group can not be connected to the 
Main Channel and can not form his/her Magnetic Triangle Coordinate, there will be 
disconnections both in Information read and in the given Currents. For this reason 
the final number is locked in 1 3. 

General meetings more crowded than this are subjected to the coding System 
by the UFOs, directly under the Supervision of the Reality Channel. Your Energy Power 
- Perceptions and Your abilities to Receive are assessed. Trials are made by numerous 
different Currents. 

In all the Social meetings in Your Planet, in mass meetings such as Movies - 
Theatre - Games - Lectures, (1 3) Basic Coordinates who will form the connection to 
the Channel of the Reality are certainly present. 



604 



Even if they do not know each other, they establish the Coordinate Connections 
within that Mass Totality, Now, let Us dictate, article by article, these Magnetic Triangle 
Totalities for You to understand: 

7- The most Perfect of the Operational Mediums. 

9- During work, auxiliary Triangle for Information transfer is formed. 

1 1 - Progress Codings are rendered among the Levels of Consciousness. 

1 3- Connection is rendered directly to the Supervision Channel of the Reality, 
Knowledge and Consciousness codings are induced. It is presented for Your 
Information. 



CENTER 



GENERAL MESSAGE 



Our Friends, 

Information given in symbolic Totality is rendered in accordance with explanations 
and codings concerning Ciphers. Names in all the operational Ordinances are 
expressed by the Unification of the Initials of various Names in the Totality of a word. 

And, for this reason, numerous Names announced to You until today have been 
projected on You by the Totality of a Single Word. Now, We are also disclosing the 
Sources of these Names You know so that You can grasp the Truth well. 

Each Letter has a Frequency peculiar to itself in accordance with the Dimensional 
Energy it is in. And the Symbolic Name Totalities are expressed by the Unification of 
TRIPLE - QUADRUPLE - QUINTUPLE -SEXTUPLE Letters in accordance with the operational 
Ordinance of each Dimension. 

In the Universal Totality, operations and Orders are always collective. Names We 
have given to You until today are never Single. They each are a Totality formed by the 
Unification of the Initials of each operational Ordinance. 

We had disclosed formerly the Words ALLAH and TUTANKAMON for You as an 
Information. Now, let Us disclose the word AMON so that You can grasp the subject 
better: 

AMON - is the Operational Ordinance of the Golden Galaxy System. This Galaxy 
works by the CUBIC System. 



605 



Now, please draw Four Triangles; 

And assemble each Letter in the word AM ON as a triple Totality in each Triangle 
(each Letter here represents Three Operational Totalities). 




A M 




M O 




O N 




Here: 



A^ + M^ + O^ + N^ = AMON = System responsible for the Golden Galaxy. 



A = represents the Unified Council of the Realms. 

M - Path of Amon - Egyptian Karena - Enlightenment Unification Council - Path of Truth. 

O = Alpha - Sacred Light - Lordly Order - Technological System. 

N - Spiritual Plan - Ordinances -Systems * Council of Laws. 

The Golden Galaxy Totality is in Touch with the Totality of the entire GURZ System. 
It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 

IT IS GENERAL INFORMATION 
(It is Answer to the chains of Thought) 

Our Friends, 

The word WE (BiZ in Turkish), the Unchanging Word of the Divine Dimensions, is 
a Representative Symbol of the Universal Totality. Now, let Us decode the word. Write, 
please: 

Letter (B) in the word BiZ = is the Symbol of the Unified Totality (Birlesjk Butunluk 

in Turkish). 

Letter (i) = represents Humanity (Insanlik in Turkish). 

Letter (Z) = symbolizes Time (Zaman in Turkish). 

Now, let Us make an operation. And let Us divide Letter (B) into two and separate 
them. By this operation, number (1 3) is obtained. This number (1 3) is an indivisible Total. 

Number (3) here represents R^ We had mentioned to You formerly. And number 
(1) here symbolizes the PRE-EMINENT POWER. 

That is, by (number 13) here, it is represented that the Energy of the MAIN 
EXISTENTIAL Dimension is a Power equivalent to the direct Energy of the ALMIGHTY 
projected through the Light-Universe. 



606 



Since the Frequency and the Power of Energy of this number is extremely intense, 
it has caused negative interpretations in Physical constitutions who are not used to 
this Energy and in fearful Consciousnesses. By this means, number 13 has been 
considered inauspicious by Terrestrial Consciousnesses. 

Number 1 3 is the unchanging symbol of the LORD. The Cipher of the Word BiZ 
(WE) is as follows: 

(The Human Being follows on the Footsteps of (B), that is, of (1 3) during the processes of 
time.) 

Now, write Letter (B) as small letter: (b). This Letter represents number (6). Turn 
this letter upside down, You obtain number (9). 

6 = is the Symbol of the Dimension of the All-Merciful. (Upside-down Triangle.) 
9 = is the Standard Unit of the Evolutionary Ordinance. (Rightside-up Triangle.) 

Now, if We add the two Numbers, We obtain number (15) giving Us the 15th 
Solar System, that is, the 18th Dimension. This Dimension is the Initial Entrance of the 
Omega Gate which is the 19th Dimension. This is the Final Gate Humanity can enter 
along its Evolution. 

If We add (1) and (5) in number 15, we obtain number (6). This Number is the 
Symbol of the Dimension of the ALL-MERCIFUL. And the Universal explanation of 
Number (6) is as follows: 

Now, write two 3s side by side and add them: 3 + 3 = 6. Now, reverse one of 
these 3s in accordance with the Ordinance of the rightside-up and upside-down Triangles. 

That is, bring the two 3s face to face: (£}) 

Write Number (1) in the middle of this figure; (els'. Number (1) here represents 
the ONE. 



And now, bring the (3)s face to face towards the (1 ) in the middle. And draw the 



figure: 




This obtained figure is the Double Seed. Numerate these Seeds. These 
numbers represent 4 LORDS. That is, 



1 - R 2 = Soul Seed 



2 - R 2 = Energy Seed. 



Their being connected to number (1) in the diagram constitutes a Quintuple 
Operational Totality We call ALLAH. This is the Totality of the Reality of the Unified 
Humanity. That is, the (ONE). 

And if We connect this ONE to the ONE, that is (5 + 1 = 6), by the number (6) We 
have obtained, the Universal Symbol of the ALL-MERCIFUL Dimension is explained 
thus. It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



607 




EXPLANATION OF NUMBERS SIX AND NINE 

Our Friends, 

We are obliged to convey to You certain Information through Symbols. Because, 
Volumes of Books would be written if it is tried to be calculated by Universal calculations. 
Now, draw a circle. 

Totalize Numbers 6 and 9 one inside the other by drawing one end upwards 
and the other end downwards. This figure is the symbol of many things. 
Now, let Us explain this: 

1 - The Operational Ordinance of the Existential Dimension. 

2 - The Operational Ordinance of the Centrifugal Universe. 

3 - Number 6 is the Universal Transition, the Conveying Dimension, the Order of 

the ALL-MERCIFUL (Upside-down Triangle). 

4 - Number 9 is the Training Religious Dimension, the Evolutionary Ordinance (Right 

side-up triangle). 

5 - The addition of Number 6 and Number 9 is the 1 5th Solar System, the End of the 

18th Dimension, Entrance Gate of the beginning of OMEGA. 

6 - When Vou subtract 6 from 9, the result is 3. And this number represents Your 

Planet which is on the (3)rd Dimension. 

By this means, various operational patterns have been organized in accordance 
with the Universal Calculation Tables. The System of the Sixes and the Nines have also 
been established according to these calculations. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

The ESSENCE-GENES mentioned in the Book have nothing to do with Terrestrial 
Genes You know. They are Your Existential Ciphers. We use the term GENE for You to 
understand. 

We consider Genes as Cells going through Evolution. They become almost 64 
billion at the final Evolutionary boundary. We call them "Celt Brains". 

Because, from then on, each Cell has attained the ability to Unify with the Cerebral 
Cipher Code. By this means, each Cell becomes a YOU in each Dimension. 

However, since the (ESSENCE) cipher of the (ESSENCE) Gene is connected to the 
Spiritual Consciousness, reflections are made from the (ESSENCE) in accordance with 
me REFLECTION System of the ESSENCE and, by this means, that Consciousness can 
be reached. 

Thus, an (ESSENCE-GENE) makes His/Her own Genes attain a Universal Totality 
in the Dimension He/She is present. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 

608 



VOLUME 



III 



Now, the action phase has started. Each person who has attained the 
Consciousness of the Truth will, as an Individual, project the Truth to everyone, in the 
directon of Intellect - Logic - Awareness. 

The scarcity of time will be exhibited to You in the life of Your ancient World and 
the events experienced will help You work much more speedily on the path of Truth. 

You have never been alone during the development chart from the Micro to the 
Macro. You are not alone now, either, We are together. We are Your Universal Elder 
Brothers. 

COUNCIL 

Note: The Unification of the Special Energies which will be given by the 
Mechanism of Influences with the Frequency of the KNOWLEDGE BOOK will form the 
(Accelerated Evolution) of Ten Years. 

PRIVATE MESSAGE 

Dear Mevlana, 

In the program of Unification of everyone in the Awareness of the Entire 
Ordinance, all the Groups in Your Planet which have served on this path of Truth have 
now been mobilized. 

During these days in which the Natural Equilibrium of the World has been upset, 
early deterioration is also observed in each Constitution which is a Natural substance. 
For this reason Natural sicknesses felt are regenerated by Energy reinforcements before 
they ever become a matter of worry and, by this means, the lost Power Potential is 

reinforced anew. 

This is a Phenomenon originating from the clash between the Positive Powers 
and the Natural Factors. The Frequency inconsistencies created as a result of the 
damage done on the Positive Auras by the deplorable factors in Your Planet upset the 
Physical constitutions. Biological weaknesses are observed for this reason. 

Beginning with this Period in which the Third set of the Knowledge Book has 
been started to be written, a Special page of application will be opened to Your Planet. 
And the texts dictated this year will find a field of propagation in a more accelerated 
way. By this means, Unifications in the Universal Totality will be intensified. 

In the May section of the Fascicules, We will have very special Messages to be 
given to Your Planet. But We, who desire a speedier propagation of the given Messages, 
will open to Your Planet certain different Dimensional Information so that the Human 
curiosity wheels of Human Beings will turn more speedily. 

Different channels will also be able to receive this Information. Even though 
some of the Messages to be given will have an atmosphere of FICTION, one day 
Humanity will comprehend that each of these issues is a Truth. 



610 



Extraordinary changes to be observed in each person will become apparent for 
everyone. Friends who will Salute the Ordinance of the Cosmos will increase in number, 
Totalities in the Universal Unification will disseminate with speed. By this means, 
many Friends will be sent to You who are the Suns of the Sunny Days. Love, 

IT IS NOTICE OF THE SUPREME COUNCIL 
OF THE COSMOS FEDERAL ASSEMBLY 

OUR FRIENDS 

We, as the unseen Messengers on the path of Past and Future Eternities have 
reached the present days together with You. Only now have We broken the Lock on 
the Gate of the Truth and thus, We call to You from these places here. It does not 
mean that each new Order will effect the previous Order adversely, but it will settle it 
on a much more Powerful basis. 

Until today, no Power was ever able to trample on, or can ever trample on the 
Rules of the LORD. The Name of this beautiful Order OUR LORD has prepared for the 
Benefit of the Total, is the FOURTH ORDER. Humanity will reach this Consciousness in 
the very near future. 

Celestial aids will be conveyed from the most Powerful sources to Humanity 
which realizes the Truth. It is presented for Your Information. (The Message has been 
given Directly by the Reality Totalities). 



CENTER 



IT IS NOTICE FROM THE SUPREME COURT 



Negativities observed in Your Planet which is the application field of the Divine 
Unification Plan of the Divine Authorities are the Exams of Humanity which is at the 
Dimension of Transition. 

In Your World in which all the endeavors of the Central Totality are disseminated 
with great speed, the Human Potential unfortunately does not yet possess the desired 
Self-Sacrifice of the Dimensional Frequency. All the efforts rendered in a Totality in 
which the Awareness of the Entire Ordinance has been mobilized are operations 

concerning the Salvation of Your Planet. 

In Your operational Medium in which everyone is evaluated in accordance with his/ 
her own Consciousness data, now, no person has the freedom of action any more 
according to his/her own Consciousness Level. Action in the framework of a Totalistic 
View is the actual Purpose of the Plan of assembling the entire Universal Totality in a 
Whole. 

Our Universal togethernesses with You are Our togethernesses with all the 
Universal Totalities. Your Age is Our Age, Your Effort is Our Effort. Your Self-Sacrifice is 
Our Totality. Your Love is Our Love. The Maturity We wish to see in everything will 
constitute the foundation stone of the Universal Unification. 



Truths the MAIN PLAN declares to You in the form of Messages through the 
Independent Channel of the Knowledge Book are the Actual Information and Notices 
desired to be declared to Your Planet. However, to serve on that path is a Phenomenon 
belonging to the Essence-Self of each person. 

Your Planet is not yet able to attain the Realization of the Universal Awareness 
which converges in Solidarity of Heart and unfortunately it can not grasp what the 
Truth is. We are sorry. 

Our Helping Hands are always over You with the hope that one day pink roses 
will bloom in the midst of the ashes of Ego. It is Our greatest wish that You can walk 
through the thorny paths without hurting Your feet. The Message is a direct notice of 
the TOTALITY OF THE CENTRAL SUNS. 



CENTER 



GENERAL NOTICE 



Our Friends, 

Since Social Views will very easily accept the Messages the Spiritual Plan considers 
necessary, some of all the Social texts are conveyed through these Frequency Scales. 

However, since the Frequency of the KNOWLEDGE BOOK comprises the Frequencies 
of very Advanced Dimensions, it is very Intense and Powerful. For this reason the (SOURCE) 
offers this Channel to You by subjecting it to a systematic tableau. For this ason We do 
not let the Knowledge Book to be mentioned during Individual contacts. 

The Single Channel of the Single Book in Your Planet is Dear Mevlana. In Your 
Planet in which a program depending on the Progress of Time is applied, the 
KNOWLEDGE BOOK is, at the moment, a Guide for You, is the Enlightenment of the 
Morrows, is the Foundation of the Future Orders. 

In Future, Authorities will introduce the Knowledge Book to Your Society. In further 
future years, assistance will come from different sources to Friends who serve on this path. 
You are the Solar Messengers of the Reality Totality. You are Our Genuine Human Friends 
who have reached the Consciousness of "What to Do", who have attained the realization 
of Intellect - Logic - Awareness. Universes are grateful to You. 



REALITY 



GENERAL INFORMATION 



Our Friends, 

Togethernesses with You are Togethernesses with the entire Universal Potential. 
These Final Age investments made into the Future years are at the moment, the Period 
of becoming Aware, becoming Conscious and the Period of Awakening of the Potential 
reigning in the silences of the Initial Existential Dimensions and THAT IS THE VERY 
HUMAN BEING. 



612 



Humanity which has attained a certain Consciousness Potential through its own 
effort and hard work during a certain Evolution process is now on the way of celebrating 
its triumph. Now, it has started on the way, with its Free Spirit and Will-Power, to take 
its place beside its Elder Brothers who have extended their helping hands towards it 
until today 

From now on, the Super Human Consciousnesses in terms of Super Realities, 
not the Natural Totalities, will establish the advanced systems and will carry out the 
brand new Ordinance of the Cosmoses as a Single Order under the Supervision of the 
LORD and will take over it's Universal Mission. 

The application of the Preparation Program since the Initial Existence until this 
Final Age has now found an application field in the entire Universal Totality. The 
Mature Human Being will take the responsibility of more perfect Realities as the director, 
Order establisher and the responsible Administrator of the Mature Worlds. 

Selections rendered are for this, Unifications are for this. We are connecting to 
each other the hands which will form this beautiful ring. Those who do not wish to 
hold the hands of their brothers and sisters will not be able to hold the hands of the 
Universes, either. 

Humanity will first attain its own Consciousness, later will settle in Unity 
Consciousness, only afterwards will it be Integrated with the Universal Ordinance. In 
this Medium, there is no place for Egos. Patience is the greatest Exam of Humanity. It 
will be waited and seen. 



REALITY 



THE FIFTH ENERGY CHANNEL OF OMEGA 



Our Friends, 

Besides the negative events which will take place in Your Planet prepared for 
very beautiful morrows, very beautiful days will also be experienced and thus, efforts 
on the positive path will increase. 

Your Planet which is receiving the extraordinary influences of the OMEGA 
Currents at the moment is going through rather sensitive Periods by the effects of the 
influence fields under the Currents of the OMEGA's Fifth Energy Channel to be opened 
in February 1990. 

The 5. Channel Currents of OMEGA are Currents which will create extraordinary 
sensitivity in the entire Creation. This sensitivity will influence all the Living Entities, 
the entire Nature and the Magma. By the influences of these Currents of extraordinary 
sensitivity, Respect of the Human Being to the Human Being will be fortified, the 
integration of the Human Being with Nature and with all the Living Entities in Nature 
will be provided. 



613 



These Currents will also have positive aspects to prepare the Negative Mediums 
in Your Planet for Tolerance. For this reason susceptibility may increase especially in 
Our certain Terrestrial Friends who are still completing the Evolution steps. This 
Information announced to You in advance is aids made so that You can prepare 
Yourselves for these Mediums. It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



THE NINETEENTH DIMENSION (OMEGA) 



Our Friends, 

Togethernesses with the Suns of the Sunny days are a Totality equivalent to the 
Totality of the entire Ordinance. Each person who can Integrate himself/herself with 
his/her own Power Potential has the Power to be able to receive all the given Messages. 

However, let Us repeat again, the Channel of this Special Book dictated to Dear 
Mevlana is separate. The OMEGA Dimension announced as the Final Boundary of 
Your Planet is the 1 6th Solar System and the 1 9th Dimension. 

In the Evolutionary Scale of Your Planet, ALPHA is the Entrance, OMEGA the Exit. 
In the Evolution of this Dimension, a Mass Preparatory Program is applied. However, 
Exams are Individual. Acceptances to these places here are also Individual. There is no 
Permission for direct Entrance into this Dimension. 

There is no Intercession on this path. Only those who can render an Evolution, 
on the Level the System considers necessary, are taken into this Dimension. There is 
the obligation to render the Evolution of this Dimension in the same way in each 
period. No alteration can ever be made. 

Each individual taken into the Evolution of this Dimension is no more the property 
of the World. But is obliged to Serve the World as an assistant. 

18th Dimension known, as the 15th Solar System is known as the final Boundary 
of the SIXES. This is a boundary where Religious Enlightenments, Sacred Texts come 
to an End. To those who Transcend this Dimension, Truths are declared by the OMEGA 
Dimension. 

The Knowledge Book dictated at the moment is dictated carrying directly the more 
advanced Frequency Power of this Dimension. Information You receive are the ULTRA 
VIOLET Information. However, the Evolution of this intense Dimension is also Intense. 



For this reason Your Planet will be prepared, as a Mass, for the Evolution of this 
Dimension as an investment for the GOLDEN AGE. This period is a period of 10 World 
Years. This Period will be projected on Your Planet parallel to different Evolution 
Systems, dividing it into Three Periods. 

The Energy becoming Intensified will create the Potential to be able to open 
much more intense Evolution Gates in the Mental Faculties which become Intensified. 
We call this Evolution the ORIGINAL EVOLUTION of the 1 6th Solar System. 

614 



Because, this is not a Mass Evolution, but an Individual Evolution. Each Individual 
is obliged to complete this Evolution by his/her own effort. This boundary is the final 
boundary of Mysticism. This boundary is called the Medium of UNITY. Those who can 
receive the Frequency of this Dimension, can also Transcend themselves. (Revolution 
in every field: in Religion - in Art). It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



OUR FRIENDS 



We presume that You have realized more Consciously how the System - Ordinance 
- Plan triplet has worked until the present Century by grasping the Truth a little more 
in the direction of the latest Information We have given to You. Since there is the 
necessity to grasp, first of all, the Consciousness of the System according to the given 
Information, the suggestions of the Reality are given priority in the given Messages. It 
is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



DIMENSION OF THE ALL-MERCIFUL 
(It is Information for the Integrated Consciousnesses) 

Our Friends, 

The Existential cause of the Realms is the cause of functioning of the Cosmoses 
and their Orders in an Order. 

First the Natural Totality had formed the initial Existence by itself in accordance 
with the Ordinance of Natural Circulation and the Natural Living Entities, which came 
into Existence by this, had rendered effective numerous Systems, by following the 
operations parallel to the Order of the Neutral Ordinance, by establishing the 18- 
System Laws in accordance with the Laws of Natural Circulation. 

And this System grows on the path of the Past and the Future Eternities by starting 
with the One and by opening and expanding like an umbrella and it gains Power as it 
grows. Numerous Divine Powers holding this Power in their hands had rendered 
effective an operational Ordinance in order to assemble all the Systems, like an Energy 
net, inside the Totality. 

And these are the very operations rendered effective in accordance with the 
Opening Ordinance of each CURZ. These are the assemblage of different Reality 
Totalities formed by the Unification of numerous Councils in a single Center. At the 
moment, Your Planet is going through the Exams of being able to enter the Universal 
Totafity, being subjected to this Universal operational Ordinance. 

There is an assemblage to which each System is connected. At the moment, the 
Totality, You, too, are connected to is the TOTALITY OF THE CENTRAL SUN to which 
the REALITY OF THE UNIFIED HUMANITY COSMOS FEDERAL ASSEMBLY is connected. 

This Center is the Administrative Mechanism of Your entire Natural Curz and it is 
called THE DIMENSION OF THE ALL-MERCIFUL It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 

615 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT * 

Our Friends, 

During the togethernesses with the Divine Messengers of the Divine Realm, the 
Reality Totality is always in effect on the path of Past and Future Eternities. This is the 
mutual Connection of the Universal Totality. 

Besides direct Messages given to You by this Totality of togetherness, there are 
also Messages received through Intuition, However, even though the Intuitional 
Messages are directly the Messages of the Reality, people presume that they are their 
own Thoughts, their own properties, since they are received through the channel of 
Intuition. 

The Intuitional Channel is the Channel of INSPIRATION. But the Direct Channels 
are the Channels of INFORMATION. Information Channels are directly the training 
and educating channels of the Reality. Since the intuition and the direct channels of 
some people are open, they presume that they write the Messages that they receive 
by Thinking of them through their own Consciousness. 

Certain Messages are given in ciphers, especially with the purpose of coding. By 
this means, the line of Thought, Interpretations, Perceptions and Interest of the person 
who receives the Message are assessed. It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



UNIVERSAL COMMUNICATION AND REVELATION 



Our Friends, 

The Brain which can receive the influences of certain Freguency Dimensions 
receives the Knowledge by transforming all kinds of Cosmic vibrations from the 
language of their Medium through the Brain Telex System, to Letters and Numbers 
and by conveying them from the Cerebral Register Center to the Knowledge Archive, 

The Cerebral Knowledge Archive is the Register Center of Consciousness and 
Knowledge You attain during each Incarnation Period. While Your Cerebral Knowledge 
Archive registers its own Knowledge and Consciousness in each Period, the same 
register is also registered in the System's Diskette. 

A Consciousness who is Re-embodied in the World is connected to the 
Mechanism of Influences through Thoughts, which are the First Signals of each. By 
this means, the Human Being as a part of the Universal Totality Carries out his/her 
Mission on the path of Past and Future Eternities in accordance with the Evolution 
Scales in the Godly Dimension. 

These influences You have known until today as Revelations, that is, as Inspirations, 
are administered directly by the Mechanism of Influences and are sent to the Prismal 
Projection Centers. And these influences are arranged by the Prismal Projection Centers 
and thus, are conveyed up to You. 



616 



That is, (revelation) is the First Communication of the Awakened Consciousnesses. 
The most Powerful Magnetic Field of this Communication is the ALPHA Magnetic Field. 
And the Direct Channel of the System opening to Your Planet is the Channel of ALPHA. 
Through this Channel Universal Communications are provided. 

Inside the Protective layer You call the Atmosphere over Your Planet, there are 
