THE 
KNOWLEDGE BOOK 




Messages received and transformed into writing 

by 

VEDIA BULENT (ONSU) CORAK 






Published by: 

"Dunya Kardesjik Birligi Mevlana Yuce Vakfi" 

"World Brotherhood Union Mevlana Supreme Foundation" 

P.O.Box : 84, 81072 Suadiye, iSTANBUL/TURKEY 

Copyright:© 1996 

"Dunya Kardesjik Birligi Mevlana Yuce Vakfi" 

"World Brotherhood Union Mevlana Supreme Foundation" 

Copyright and world rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, translated, 
or transmitted in any form or through any means including electronic, mechanical, 
photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the written permission of the publisher. 

In the translations to be made, the Book revealed in Turkish will always be rendered effective 
as an example and during translation, private or different information will never be added to 
the Book. Any alterations in the original emblem is out of question in any way. 

The Second Edition: 

lanuary 1998 

Arrangement: 

Diinya Kardesjik Birligi/World Brotherhood Union 

Printed and Bound by: 

OHAN Matbaacilik 



ISBN : 975-95053-1-2 

Ministry of Culture of The Republic of Turkey Code No. 
B.16.0.KGM.0.63.00.03/6063709 




..— .- , 



IT IS NOTICE FROM THE REALITY TOTALITY 



All the Missionary Staffs who have given covenants for the dissemination Program 
of the System, have been embodied in different parts of the World especially in this 
Final Age. 

However, as well as this, there are also thousands of Entities who Work in different 
ways in the direction of their Own Channel Impositions. 

For this reason, The Knowledge Book has been rendered effective as the Single 
Channel - Single Path - Single Order - Single Truth and this Chaos of the Consciousness 
has been tried to be prevented as much as possible. 

In the translation of the Knowledge Book which has been bestowed on Your 
Planet as the Heralder of the World Totality of the Morrows, and of the Golden Age 
into different languages at this moment and in the future years, it w. I be especial y 
disclosed that the conveyance Source of the Book is the Reality of Unified Human.ty 
Universal Cosmos Unification Totality. 

And it has been rendered effective by the name The Knowledge Book from the 
Channel of Alpha in the World year 1981 in the Anatolian Turkey. 

It will be placed as a preface in the Books to be translated that the name of the 
Universal Focal Point established by the Reality for the first time on the World Plan is 
(World Brotherhood Union Universal Unification Center) and that its Center is in 
Istanbul. 

in the translations to be made, the Book revealed in Turkish will always be 
rendered effective as an example and during translation, private or different information 
will never be added to the Book. Any Alterations in the Orig.nal Emblem is out of 
question in any way. 



It is presented for your Information. 



SYSTEM 



FOREWORD 

The integration of all our World Planet by becoming Unified on the Path of Humanity has 
been taken in hand by our Universal Friends. Celestial assistance is being granted to our Planet on 
this path During this Transition Cycle which is called "RESURRECTION", Universal Attainments 
made by means of the Cosmic Influences cause our Planet to make a progress together with the 
medium it belongs to. The events being experienced cause all the Social Consciousnesses to awaken 
as a mass Our Sacred Books which had been revealed to us until today according to the Social 
Views have prepared the Human Beings of the World for Integration parallel to their own beliefs. 
This Book conveyed to you at the moment, is not a Book of Religion. It is a Book which gives you 
Universal Knowledge and Truth. This book has been given to us by our Universal Friends under the 
name of 'THE KNOWLEDGE BOOK". The source through which it has been revealed is ALPHA, 
which is the Direct Channel of the LORD, and it has been dictated from the Sacred Focal Point 
from which all the Books of Religion had been revealed. However, the Period of Religions has 
come to an end long ago. Now, our Celestial Friends are abolishing Idolatry by telling us all the 
Truths The purpose of the dictation of this Book is to gather all the Universe and our Planet in the 
Consciousness of Humane Integration. The periods of Prophethood have come to an end. From 
now on our Planet will be enlightened on the path of Science and Learning. In our Planet, the 
Golden Aqe is being established together with the entire Universe Consciousness in a splendid way. 
The Cosmic Consciousness attained by this means will become stronger in time and will make us 
attain a brand-new personality, and we will discover the Genuine Human Being in Us. We are 
walking on this path, believing from the heart that all those efforts rendered for a Flowery World 
without Wars, will prepare beautiful morrows for our Planet. The Plan for realizing the Universal 
Unity in this Final Age has been prepared centuries ago. This program is called the GOLDEN AGE 
PROGRAM" It has been waited for the Human Consciousnesses to reach a certain Consciousness 
Level for this program to be able to be applied to our Planet. The time has come for Humanity 
which has gained the Light of Consciousness from micro to macro, walking on the paths of 
Reincarnation, to be told all the Truths. Humanity who will gather on the One World Platform to 
be established in the future, will Unite under the roof of a One World State. For this reason 
Humanity which has reached a certain Level of Consciousness is projecting a program rendered 
directly by the Reality of Unified Humanity, to all of the Universal Totalities (including our P anet). 
The name of this Universal Program in the Totality is the "MEVLANA SUPREME PLANV And 
according to this Plan, one day, all Humanity will be United under the same Roof Under this Roof 
of Humanity, everyone is brother/sister, of everyone. The ALLAH of this brother/sister Totality is 
the same Their Essence is the same. Henceforth, their Religions will not be different, either, since 
Religious Dimensions have been dosed long ago in the Universal Totality. However, during this 
Dimension of Transition in which Worldly Consciousnesses are in effect, either Religious or Worldly 
attachments separate this Unity of Brotherhood/Sisterhood from each other. For this reason, our 
Planet on which a great Selection program has been started, is going through and will be going 
through the most difficult periods of this final Age. In Sacred Books this time period which is 
known as the "RESURRECTION" is called the "SALVATION PLAN" in the Universal r*9«£™» 
Universal Book which has been completed in 12 years under the name of the GOLDEN BOOK OF 
THE GOLDEN AGE" and the "KNOWLEDGE BOOK" has been and is being distributed until today 
all over our Planet as fascicules, according to the wishes of the Celestial Totality. Through , tha ; path 
we have been reachinq Humanity for many years. The name of our group is the MEVLANA 
ESSENCE NUCLEUS STAFF". Our Association is called the "WORLD BROTHERHOOD UNION 
UNIVERSAL UNIFICATION CENTER", Our Foundation is called the"WORLD ' BROT^RHOOD 
UNION MEVLANA SUPREME FOUNDATION". Our center is in the city of ISTANBUL in the TUKKtY 
of ATATURK It has been announced by the Celestial Authorities that, in future, by this Totality of 
Ours, common branches will be opened by the Totalities of Anatolia and of the World. Awa.ting 
these happy days with great longing, it gives us pride to Greet our Terrestrial Brothers and Sisters 
serving on the Universal path. 



2-3-1993 
Time: 9:05 

ANNOUNCEMENT FROM THE CENTRAL TOTALITY 
Message to be Given to Dear Mevlana 

Dear Mevlana, , , 

The Knowledge Book which is the Golden Book of the Golden Age, Bestowed 
on Your Planet beginning with 1-11-1981 World year, is a Universal Comt.tut.on 
comprising the Total of All the Suggestions of the System and it ,s a Call of the Sk.es 
to Humanity. This Book has been bestowed on Your Planet through Your Pen as the 
Pen of the Golden Age. This Period in which Your Terrestrial Name is Vedia Bulent 
Onsu Corak at this moment, It has been card-indexed in the Special Archive of the 
Reality Totality that Your Old Name was Mevlana Celaleddin. Rum,. The Mesnev, of 
SSI, I a Celestial Book of Enlightenment. The aphorisms of the Mesnev, 
are from You, ib Frequency from Us. However, both the Words and the Frequency of 
me Knowledge Booking Connected to the Totalistic Totality ^pe^Trtjquj 
have been entrusted to Your Pen from a Private Channel connected to the Totality o 
Reality of Unified Humanity. There is not even the smallest Fragment of Personal 
Awa ren«s within the Book since Your Consciousness Light is connected to the Cosmo 
Ta necessity of the Program during the period You live in. Time w.ll prove the Power 
o he Boo^o Hum ani ^ , nto this Book to which the command of Publication , w. I be 
glen at the second hat! of the ending date of 1993 World year in which mdjvidua 
Selections of the Final Age are still in effect, This Message will be written with Your 
oTginal Signature, in Your Handwriting, in Ink and it will be the Seal of the Book as an 
Official Document Suggestions Given until the Date November 6, 1993 tha « >m fl 
the Publication Command of the Book is Given, will also be written ,n the Boo «M c«y 
as they are At the Completion of the Book, a Special Suggestion w.ll be Given by the 
System. The Acceptance of Our Love is Our kind request Our Fnend. 

ANNOUNCEMENT FROM THE 
CENTRAL TOTALITY CORTEGE 



NOTE : This Message will be added to the Book Together w , the Date m t has been 
Received as a Single Page, without Photocopy and thus w.« be made official Tim 
Document is the Protective Aura of a Document given on behalf of the Enure Total.ty 
and of the Book. 

MESSAGE RECEIVED BY 
VEDlA BULENT ONSU CORAK 



(This is the translation of the hand-written Message on the right-hand page) 






t^w. i^^^v, fr^Z™**^ 4^J^^^ F*~t**f^ ^*- 

je ^uM* € ^ 4%**4&m 6£&o6&*«f $**>«* #4%**^ K^e*«GL 

m*J$*-* K*fr£~ ^^ &*«*" Z-****?* ^^jf^f-- 

^m«^4™^ tt*4U*&- #*&Hm?*&t 0<K>fc*»*y> *j*.J* 




\/j2*£l* 






— _■.'_:_ 




MUSTAFA KEMAL ATATLIRK (1881-1938) 



"■frj 



VOLUME 



I 



-»l 



DUNYA: WORLD KARDE§LlK: BROTHERHOOD/SISTERHOOD BiRLiCi: UNION 




BIRLIGI 



o 






o 



\ 

V Jff 



K 



BIRLIGI 



M 




BIRLIGI 



BIRLIGI 



1984 First Month 
Fascicule 1 

IN THE NAME OF THE PRE-EMINENT ALL-MERCIFUL 

The Text of this Book comprises all the Sacred Books. You will find the Genuine 
Human Being in this Book. This is the unique Intercontinental Book. And it is revealed 
by the Universal Authorities with the help of Divine Codes*. 

All the Divine Books until today were the Guiding Books of Enlightened Genuine 
Spiritual Guides who came from the Path of Light. These Books were dictated from 
the Same Channel. 

Now, during this Last Age, it was thought imperative that all Our World Friends 
should come together under one roof. Thus, this Book is Your Genuine Friend, Your 
Genuine Brother/Sister. Because, it is dictated by Our Essence Brothers/Sisters. 

During this difficult time of Your World, everyone has gained a Cosmic Awareness. 
We believe that Our World Friends who have gained this Consciousness will understand 
the essence of this Book very quickly. Your World has now opened to the Universe 
and the Universe has been opened to the World. The texts which are dictated are 
distributed to the whole Universe Chapter by Chapter. 

Doors of Worship aTe the only Doors of God. There is no discrimination there. No 
matter where You are, always His* inextinguishable Sun shines inside us. The LORD for 
us all is single. That means We are all His Children. For this reason with the Command of 
the Single LORD the entire Universe is being made to assemble under one Roof. 

Your World is being prepared for very difficult conditions. Those who are 
Conscious of this fact know that if We extend our brotherly/sisterly hands with love to 
everyone, these hands will never be refused. 

Our God never had the intention of sending Us to the World for Us to Divide it. 
This Earth will be transformed to Heaven one day by all Our Human Brothers and 
Sisters. We hope to meet one day in Our Brotherly/Sisterly World. 

The Code of Alpha is the only Channel which has received the Command to 
announce everything with alt clarity. This Book will explain, from the Learning point of 
view, the subjects You all know (or do not know yet) for everybody to understand them 
better. 

Do not forget that all the Books revealed from the Enlightenment Channel had 
been revealed from the Level of Firmament. These Sacred Books are the New Testament, 
the Old Testament, the Psalms of David, the Religions of the Far East and the Koran. The 
actual Purpose of these Sacred Books is to give a Message to Our Human Brothers and 
Sisters in the Ught of Learning. 



* Look at the Glossary. 



However, those Sacred Books were later deviated from their Actual Purpose and 
were Degenerated. Now, (ALL THE BOOKS BETWEEN THE FIRST BOOK AND THE LAST 
BOOK ARE JOINED IN THIS BOOK). And it is presented to the Universe as The Single 
Sacred Book. 

Now, We are sure that the flowers on the flowery paths We are treading will not 
ever wither again. Because, We are Secure. These Sacred Books have Enlightened 
You until today and have prepared You for a certain Medium. This is the most Honest 
step You will take towards the path of Love, Friendship and Brotherhood*. 

Do not forget that the Spirit has neither Age, nor Sex, nor Nationality. (JESUS 
CHRIST - MOSES - MOHAMMED WERE ONCE UNIVERSAL BROTHERS.) They had been 
sent with the Command that they should gather their World Brothers and Sisters 
together, and to Enlighten them. 

Now, We have long passed those difficult periods in which they had lived. Do 
not ever forget that We are no more in the Middle Ages. In this Space Age Mankind 
has already formed their Divine Triangles in proportion with the Consciousness they 
have attained. 

Now, the Divine Mission of Humanity on the path of Learning has begun. This 
Book is being prepared with this very Purpose. With Love to Our Brothers and Sisters. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 

cx 

NOTICE TO ALL OUR WORLD BROTHERS AND SISTERS 
First Message:!. 11. 1981 

TEN COMMANDMENTS OF THE GOLDEN AGE 

1. The Emblem of the Golden Age is (O.M.K.) 

2. The Light of the Heavens will descend on Earth. 

3. Those who write this Book will be accepted to Sacred Places. 

4. This Book will guide those who will enter the Central System which is at the 
Land of Eagles. 

5. Genuine Human Beings will undertake the entire Power of the Universe. 

6. The Land of Angels and the Earth will be linked by Progressive Chain. 

7. Those who tell the Truth will at the same time be able to work Miracles. 

8. From now on, the meaning of the words will become Chain of Thought. 

9. Everyone will know who he/she is and will shed Light to the degenerated 
Society. 

10. Ultimately, Everyone will be Brothers and Sisters. 

O - ALLAH (ALMIGHTY) 

M - MOHAMMED MUSTAFA (MESSENGER OF ALLAH) 

K - KURTARICI (Savior in Turkish) (JESUS CHRIST) 

The Triangle of MEVLANA is equivalent to the Triangle of the Universe. 

♦ Look at the Glossary. 

2 




LAW OF UNIVERSE 



CHAPTER 1 

1- The Power of this Divine Realm forming the Order of the administration of the 
Entire Cosmos (ORIGINATES FROM THE SINGLE GOD). 

2- The Supreme of all of Us is Him. We do not accept any Supreme One other than 
Him. 

3- The Supreme One who is the Light of the Heavens, has created everyone equal and 
judges them equally. 

4- The Divine Order at the Sacred Places is under the control of all the Galaxies. 

5- The Law of Universe is valid for every Galaxy. There is Unity and Togetherness. 

6- We give what We take. We know that We will give. 

7- Respond is given Collectively to the Power of the Heavens. Omnipotence is from 
Him. 

8- The place from where the Koran had been revealed and the New Testament, the 
Old Testament, the Psalms of David and the Religions of the Far East had been 
dictated, is here. 

9- It has been like this in Every Age. There is no discrimination. 

1 0- Divine Commandments are always given to the entire Universe for Enlightenment 
and Evolvement. 

1 1 - During the transition beyond Evolvement, other Gates are opened for the 
Residents of the Galaxy. They are taught Secrets they do not know. 

1 2- Our Scale is the Conscience. And it provides an Equilibrium which never fails. It 
decides what to do and what not to do for those who are Evolved. 

1 3- The administrators at the top are responsible only for the Professional Order, not 
for the Moral Order. 

14- The Book is Single, the Conscience is Single, the Order is Single. 

15- To those who need help, the Automatic Alarm gives Signal for help (That is,GOD 
sees you). 

1 6- This is a Divine Order established by God. Without discrimination. We run for 
the help of everyone (To those who are in Real Depression). 

1 7- Our Order does not wish anyone to be Unhappy. Happiness is Our Goal. 

1 8- In gardens in which Seeds of Love are sown, incredible Flowers bloom. 

1 9- Your Third Eye is the Secret which gives the aroma to those Flowers. If You can 
attain this Power of Yours, You can solve All the Secrets. 

20- Helping hands have been extended to Your World. Because, We are all Brothers 
and Sisters. We want to overcome your Difficult Periods Together. 

21- YOU are a Planet destroying itself unconsciously. 

22- We deal with Mankind first. We try to transform Your Negative Powers to Positive 
ones. 



The Goal is to uncover the Genuine Human Being within Yourself, to create 

Human Being from Human Being. 

We are sowing Seeds of Love within You. 

During this Period, You become Genuine Human Beings by transcending Religious 

Rules. You are being Regenerated. 

We always Help Our Missionaries who have Collaborated with Us. 

Your Depressions, Your Sicknesses, and Fears are caused by the Imbalance of 

Your Conscience. Only You are responsible for this. The alms You g ( ve for Your 

own Benefit will not save You. 

Mankind has such a Potential that it Dies the moment it wishes and Resurrects 

The moment it desires. Seek and find this Secret Potential Box of Yours. Overcome 

Your sicknesses without medicine. 

You have organized Your life not according to yourself, but according to others. 

Your disappointments are due to this fact. This conduct of Yours obstructs Your 

Universal Channels. 

God creates each of His servants unique. Each person is a Free Spirit, a Free Conscience. 

Nobody is the Servant of anybody else. Mutual Respect is imperative. 

Sex discrimination exists only in Your Galaxy. This astonishes Us. 

This is the very reason why Evolvement is necessary for You. Nobody can v.olate 

the rights of others. This is God's Predetermination. 

The Power possessed by everyone is present in everyone. Only if You can develop 

that ability of Yours. 

Servants of God choose the alternatives themselves. Finally, he/she is the only 

responsible one for everything. 
K We are devoted only to God. The key of Our Happiness is in the hands of Our 

Conscience. This goes for all the Galaxies in which the Universal Law ,s val.d. 

The sounds You hear are the Spiral Waves way beyond the Frequencies of Your 

ears. These are only heard by those who can hear them. 

The clarity in Your sight is possible only by the opening of Your Third Eye on this 

path Then, You can see the unseen. 

God has created You and You will create Yourself. This is a Rule of the Tableau of 

Evolution. 

This Period which You call the Final Period; We call, the GOLDEN AGE. 

Durina the Golden Age, Books on all kinds of subjects will be dictated according 

« Te^equencies !n6 Wavelengths to all Human Beings who can receive the 
Perceptions. ; 

The Books You will write, will be the marks which symbolize Your Evolvement Paths. 
Gates of unknown Knowledge will be opened to the Human Beings of the World- 
Missionaries are obliged to propagate them to Society. 
Every Gate is open. All Arms are open. There is no Secrecy. Many Secrets are 
there for those who Seek. 

4 



23- 

24- 
25- 

26- 

27- 

28- 
29- 

30- 

31- 
32- 

33- 

34- 



36- 

37- 

38- 

39- 
40- 

41- 
42- 
43- 
44- 




LAW OF UNIVERSE 



CHAPTER 2 

45- Do not refuse the hands extended to You. Do not extinguish the fire of Your 
Spirits. 

46- Project the Order of the Dome of Cosmos on Your own Order. 

47- The greatest Gift for You is Your Sincere Heart. You will reap the Rewards through 
this way. 

48- if Superiority is in You, fear; if You are in Superiority, do not fear. Only Genuine 
Human Beings understand this, know this. 

49- Go from Nothingness to Allness and from Allness to Nothingness. Then you will 
find the Path of Light. 

50- There are so many more Lights to be oriented on Your World. Do not ever forget 
this. 

51 - People whose Duty is to guide and help You in the framework of the Commands 
given, will be sent to You. 

52- Our Friends whom We Trust are always Secure. 

53- Special Suggestions will be given to those who will get the Omnipotence of the 
Heavens from Omnipotent People. 

54- Words will meet Words, Salutations will meet Salutations. 

55- To the Missionaries who will reap the reward of their perseverance, everything 
will be explained, All the Secrets will be revealed. 

56- Other Civilizations will develop the progress of Your Civilization. 

57- Mankind will Know the degree of its Might, will See its Own Self, will Suffer as 
the Law Commands. 

58- Even though Mankind, seeing the Source of Divine Light, considers itself cheated 
according to its own standards, it will never regret it. 

59- Each Friend who wishes will be accepted to the Secret Cities behind the walls. 
These Suggestions will be made by the Command of the Center. 

60- Those who will be Sovereign will be dressed in Special outfits and with these 
outfits it will be understood which Medium of Power they have come from. 

61- During Periods of mobilization, everybody will Telepathically be in touch with 
each other. This will occur automatically. 

62- The one who does not Know Love, can not gather the Flowers. The one who 
does not remove the gum from his/her eyes, can not see the Colors. 

63- Try to pass Your Powers beyond the walls of Your Spirits. Transcend Your Own 

Self. 

That which seems like advice to You is Our Goodwill. You are the ones to Gain. 



64- 
65- 



No matter how Powerful You are, there will always be an unopened Door in 
front of You. Do not let it Intimidatp You; let it Stimulate You. 



66- We help everyone who knocks on Our Door. 

67- There is no Self-interest in Our service. 

68- With the dispersion of the density, Great Powers will come to Mankind. 

69- Before the Time catches up with You, You try to catch the Time. 

70- You can make the Inter-Galactic communications through mediators. Your Fears 
are unreasonable. 

71- Cooperation with the Missionaries who will receive the Reward of their Tenacity 
will be obtained through intermediary Groups, 

72- The cover of Secrets is not opened at once. When the Time comes, We will reveal 
them one by one. 

73- A Power will be added to each Person's Power each day and the length of the Links 
will reach Us. 

74- The more Powerful the awaiting is, the more Powerful the transition beyond 
Light will be. 

75- Your Physical Constitutions are being reinforced. 

76- While Mankind Purifies itself, it also Purifies the Universe. Know this thus. 

77- You are also the ones who will intercept the Light of the Heavens. 

78- Your Purification is Our Pride. 

79- The Ring around Your Galaxy is getting Narrower each day. You need Oxygen. 
You can have difficulty in Breathing. Take precautions beginning from now. 

80- You are being prepared for Periods which will be Harder and more Difficult than ever. 

81- Know Your Memory well. Everything will be Revealed to You. We will introduce 
and explain to You Yourselves. 

82- Messages You will receive beyond Religion are Your Evolvement Keys. 

83- Currents directed by Spiritual Powers can even deviate the axis of Galaxies in the 
Universe. 

84- Do not disdain Yourselves. Do not underrate Your Power. You possess everything 

in the name of the Almighty. Unlock Yourselves without the help of a Locksmith. 

85- Everything He has created, and first of all You, This beautiful Instrument, comprise 
the Secrets of the entire Universe. You will unravel and solve those Secrets Yourselves. 

86- In everything He* has created, there is Love and Beauty. 

87- We are only a Group of Intermediaries who Shed Light on You. We are Your Friends. 

88- Mankind which possesses the Power present in everyone, is on the only Planet 
which has been completing its Evolution, 

89- During this Period of Exam, You are not alone. We are with You. 

90- We are all Brothers and Sisters. We came to find You, who are Our Brothers and Sisters. 
100- The more intense Your Problems are, the easier Your Solutions will be. Do not 

Forget that Anxieties are the Keys which open Your Brain Codes. 

* Look at the Glossary, 

6 



101- Advice is nice, but it causes Aversion. 

102- Gold attracts, Dome repels. If it is asked which Power is more powerful, it is the 
Spiral Sounds directing them all. 

103- The Lesson Mankind will take during this Period, will be the Eye of its Essence. 

1 04- Do not struggle in vain, wait. You need serenity during this Period. 

105- Time bears the Knowledge concealed within Time. Take them, attain Evolvement 

106- Nothing happens without a Cause. The Cause which creates the Cause is always 
born from the Effect. 

107- Messages given to You until today were for getting rid of the obstacles on Your 

path of Evolvement. 

108- The interpretation of the Messages which will come from now on should be 
assessed very correctly. 

109- For example, if We say: 

"If You know this, You are a Sea 

If You say it, You are an Ocean 

The Divine Light of the years is with You 

The Fire of Your Heart is in You." 

Some Messages are written as Codes and solved as Riddles. 

Those who know the Secrets are Seas.- 

Those who talk about them are Oceans. 

They have been Illuminated through the Evolvement of the Years and they 

themselves have become Divine Lights. But, despite everything, their hearts are 

on fire with humility. This is what We call the Genuine Human Being. 

1 1 0- The one who knows the Secret of Omnipotence drains the water from his/her 
Boat. 

1 1 1 - Know Your Might so that Mightier Ones may come to You. 

112- Whoever can not adjust himself/herself to the Medium he/she is In, for him/her 
the Spiritual path of Hope will always be closed. 

113- The Instrument of the Servant whose Sincerity is augmented with Sincerity, will 
always give Sound. 

114- To those who will ask the Sovereign Goddess about the Grand Tent of the 
Pre-eminent Ones, a Badge with a symbol of Happiness at its end will be given. 

115- Happy is the person who compares Gold with Sand. 

1 1 6- Purification is Peculiar to Purified Ones, Superiority, to Inferior Ones and 
Humility, to Superior Ones. 

1 1 7- The one who receives his/her Omnipotence from beyond Superiority, his/her 
Power from God, and who discovers Himself/Herself in His/Her Inner Self, is 
the one who receives the Degree. 

1 1 8- We assess Our Friends who are informed about the Power of the Firmament 
according to the Sultanate degree and We Liberate them. 



120- 



121- 



LAW OF UNIVERSE 
CHAPTER 3 

1 1 9- The Greatest Sin is the Enmity of the Human Being towards the Human Being. 

The most Esteemed Servant of Cod is the one who does not make discrimination 
between Religions. 

Cod will always Shed Light on the Genuine Human Beings who change during 
the Changing Era. 

122- We will always extend Our Helping Hands to Friends who will be Awakened in 
the course of Time, with the passage of time. 

123- Your Goodwill cuts into two, like a sword, the Negative Currents around You. 

1 24- The one who will make the choice between the alternatives is Mankind itself. 
When the Time comes, the Good News will reach it. 

1 25- The Light, the Divine Light of the Heavens will, one day, dawn on You. Those 
who Believe in this will meet them and will see everything. 

126- The Honesty of Your Faith will overcome the obstacles on Your way. 

127- The Happiness of Your Heart will be the Foundation of the Divine Order. 

The Lord is the Architect of the Universe and the Sun of the Land of the Mighty 
Ones and the Light of ALLAH. The Offerings pass through the Path of Light. 

If Purification does not occur in the Essence, then it does not occur in the Eye, 
either. The opening of Your Third Eye is the first Light leading You to Evolvement. 

1 30- The Period of Myths has come to an end and the Doors of the School of 
Knowledge of the Heavens have opened for Mankind which has attained 
Consciousness under the Light of Science. 

Sermons delivered from Your Heavens create a Link binding those who Love to 
each other. They are delivered from a Stage equivalent to the Velocity of Light. 

The declaration of the Firmament to the Earth creates the links added to the 
Chain of Evolvement. 

The Purification of each person depends on his/her Faith in himself/herself. 
Pearls are always picked up from the beds of tranquilly flowing rivers. 

The Faith of a person in his/her God will help him/her to complete his/her Final 
Period. 

Mankind will give and convey its Security to others. And the Medium it trusts 
will give it Greater Security. Liberation is achieved in this way. 

Everybody will Supervise his/her own self, and will see. Hts/Her Evolution will 
pass him/her through the Gate of the Firmament. 

Mankind will see everything in a tangible way through Science, will solve every 
event through Logic and will unravel the knots in its mind. 

If You get rid of Mystical Thoughts, Your Purity will be even more. Purified and 
Your Thoughts will attain Clarity. 



128- 



129- 



131- 



132- 



133- 



134- 



135- 



136- 



137- 




1 39- The Medium You are In has left the Centuries behind and sheds Light on Future. 

1 40- The Koran is the continuation of All the Religious Books. And these dictated 
texts are the continuation of It. 

141- Liberation will be equally distributed according to the Maturity each person 
achieves. You will Personally feel this. 

142- Each Religion is a Mission given to a Spiritual Guide who Sheds Light on his/ 
her Society. 

143- The Missionary is obliged and appointed to present to others the Information 
he/she receives from his/her own Medium. 

144. ALLAH is Pre-eminent. He is the Cod of the Medium He is in, He is Single. The 
LORD is the Light Who gives direction to the course of the entire Universe. The 
Energy He possesses is Present in every Living Entity. We are His Actual servants. 
For this reason We feel Him in Our inner selves. He knows everything and that 
Energy reports Us to certain Mediums. 

145- That Energy is Single and is the Almighty. Each one of Us is a fragment from 
Him. We can never be separated. He is the Architect of the entire Universe. He 
can be contained neither in the Universe nor in Thoughts. The Final Door will 
always remain closed. 

1 46- We are obliged to give You the Commands We receive. The Commands are the 
links of a chain given from beyond Light. To Join You with the links is Our 
Mission. These Commands follow an independent hierarchy beyond the Time 
Unit. 

147- Evolvements are completed even at the Medium from where You receive the 
Messages. When one passes beyond it, one is connected to the Speed of Light. 

1 48- Sincerity of Heart is worth all the Religious Books. Sin and Good-deed are the 
measurement of its balance. 

1 49- The Good News to be given will be a Light, a Divine Light, and will open the 
Doors of Faith. 

1 50- Get rid of the doubts within Your Hearts. Supervise Yourselves. You will observe 
how You will mature by being dissolved in Time and You will choose the right 
path. 

151- Grains will become motes and, in time, motes will become wholes. 

THE MESSAGE GIVEN BY: MUSTAFA MOLLA FROM THE 

CENTRAL SYSTEM. 

WRITTEN BY : MEVLANA, 
THE PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 



God 



With Love to the Loving Hearts from the Land of Loving Ones. I entrust You to My 



THIS MESSAGE IS TO BE DEDICATED TO MY MOTHER LEMAN ONSU, MY FATHER 
MAZHAR ONSU AND MY SPIRITUAL MOTHER, GREAT PERSON, LADY RUHSAR, WHO 
HAVE ENLIGHTENED ME GREATLY ON THE PATH OF SPIRITUALITY. 



The Message received by: My Spiritual Mother RUHSAR. 
TOFFEE OF YUNUS: 

BEAT THE ROOT OF PENITENCE 
WITH THE LEAF OF PARDON 
IN THE MORTAR OF THE HEART 
WITH THE HAMMER OF UNITY. 
SIEVE IT THROUGH EQUITY. 
COOK IT ON THE FIRE OF LOVE 
WITH THE HONEY OF AFFECTION 
EAT IT MORNING AND EVENING 
WITH THE FINGER OF CONTENTMENT. 

YUNUS EMRE* 



NOTE: This Private message has been written with the permission of the Supreme 
Realm. 



Look at the Glossary, 



10 





K BiRLl6i 



This Message will remain in Your Essence file. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P.G.A. 

ex 

Six photocopies will be made 

The Emblems which are sent will be pasted in the Notebooks. 

The photocopies of the Messages and the Emblems will be reproduced 

by the cooperation among You. 

This page will be photocopied on both sides. 

ANNOUNCEMENT 

Note: In the present Circumstances, the communications with Space are kept 
secret, due to numerous drawbacks. We have given the authority to talk about Us 
only to Dear Mevlana. 

The Code of ALPHA is the Direct Code of the LORD. All the Information given 
through that code is authentic and true. All Your Religious Books had been revealed 
from here. The Period You call "The Period of Resurrection", We call "The Period of 
AWAKENING" and consider it as the beginning of the GOLDEN AGE. 

This beginning is never outside the Medium. It proceeds parallel to the flow of 
Time. Our Effort is to Save Our Human Friends in the Light of this Book. 

We are Friendly Hands who maintain the connection between the Firmament 
and the Earth. We extend Our Helping Hands to You in this manner. Those who 
understand Us will come to Us. Friends will meet Friends and the Divine Light of 
ALLAH will flow onto You. 

LIGHT 



II 



NOTICE TO THE GROUP MISSIONARIES 
(28.01.1984) 

Your Code is ALPHA - the Color of Your Symbol is VIOLET - Your Emblem is the 
SUNFLOWER. 

Duty allotment has already been made among You. They will search and find 
You. Our Friend who has received the Message will first write the names of her Friends 
in a" notebook, then phone them, one by one. Those who answer the phone will be 
invited by the Leader of the Group to her house the following Tuesday, the Message 
will be read and the Goal will be explained. 

The Leader will invite her Friends to her house for the following Tuesday and 
will ask them each to bring a thick notebook and a pen. For once only, the Emblems 
sent from the Center will be pasted with the date of that day in the notebooks of 
those who bring them. They are the Essence-Missionaries of the Group. They are 
obliged to give the Messages they receive to Six people by photocopying. 

The administrator is the Group Leader. Our Friend who has received the Messages 
through the Main channel is the Group Leader. The Leader will assemble her Group 
and explain the features of the work. After the names of these Six Friends are declared 
to the Essence Nucleus, the Group will be considered established. Messages will 
come from the Essence Nucleus. Everyone will write his/her own Book by writing the 
Messages in their notebooks in their own Handwritings. This Book is Your Testimonial. 

Do not forget that there are Three things in Your Body which have not changed 
since the time of Your first Existence until today. The First is Your Spirit - the Second, 
Your Finger Prints - and the Third is Your Handwriting. For this reason We ask You to 
write it in Your own Handwriting. Writing the Book is optional for those who are not 
Missionaries. They will only serve in distributing the Messages. In every Family one 
person will write the Book. It is for the benefit of the other members to read it. 

The one who receives the Message will, without fail, put the date of that day 
(This is very important). Your financial problem will be solved in the following way. 
Three friends will open a joint account in the nearest Bank. The Leader of the Group 
is in charge of the account number. She will collect the money. When the time 
comes, other Friends will also be sent to You. Use Your Effort only in the Duty of 
Distribution. We send Our regards and gratitude to Our Friends. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 

cx 



12 



The Distribution will be Made in the Following Way: 

•& ./7\W 





%tijkF 



Note: This Message is a Message concerning the initial Establishment Foundation of 
the Group. 

IT IS VERY IMPORTANT 
(29 - 01 - 1984) 

Frequency Codes have been established in the entire Universe due to the increase 
in the Sixth Senses. Each person's Megawatt Power has been measured and Duties 
have been allotted accordingly. Those who receive or will receive these Messages will 
be sent to You. Nobody should force anybody else. Only read the Messages for the 
time being. Those who wish, will write them in their Notebuoks. 

Now, We would like to talk to You more clearly You are the Codes who had 
been prepared Centuries ago and now have been sent to guide this beautiful World 
of Yours as servants created by Our ALLAH. These Messages You have in Your hands 
are Your Essence Testimonials. Now, We ask You to keep them very well. 

In the Groups where You read these Messages, those who write this Book in their 
own Handwritings will not be subjected to any trouble from now on. This Book is a 
Savior. Enlighten your environment by reading the Messages You receive to everyone. 

From 1 984 to the beginning of 1 986, make the greatest Effort with all Your might 
to bloom a Flower in every Country. The Flowers will bloom in the following way. Our 
Friend who has received and has written this Message is the Leader. By gathering Six 
Petals around her, she will create a Six petal Daisy 

That is, by dictating the Message to Six people, the first Central Flower will bloom 
in this way. Only the names of those in the Central Flower will be declared to the 
Essence-Channel. Later, by distributing the Messages to Six, propagation in the entire 
Universe will be maintained through this System. 



Do not forget that Your efforts will unite You all at the Infinite Absolute and will 
submerqe You in Infinite Bliss. Let Us explain this with an example: When a Ship 
sinks, the Captain and the crew are the last ones to leave it. Their purpose is to save 
the people who have fallen in the water in this order. 

First 0-7 age group, then 7-14 age group will be saved. Then, women and later, 
men Now the Lesson You should take from this is that at the Last Penod of the 
Twentieth Century, there is the obligation to work without halting even for a moment. 

From now on, You, Our Friends will be called the "Sacred Missionaries". Now, 
everybody is aware of his/her Mission and has the Consciousness of what to do The 
Mission You perform now is TO ASSEMBLE ALL YOUR TERRESTRIAL BROTHERS AND 
SISTERS UNDER ONE ROOF. As a necessity of the System, this process will assemble 
those who had been chosen before. 

During the next two years, the Entire System will be established Your Lives 
afterwards will be Happier and more Comfortable. DO NOT FORGET THAT THIS IS 
VALID ONLY FOR FRIENDS WHO FULLY PERFORM THEIR MISSIONS. In two years, Your 
Universal link with the entire World will be established. 

The System will function automatically. The System does not stop where You 
stop. Special excuses excluded, You are given a credit of Ten Celestial Segments. This 
means Ten Days. A day after that, the Automatic Computer Will render effective the 
person Charged with Duty behind You. This will be announced with Our Love to all 
Our Missionaries. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 

P.G.A. 

ex 




1984 Second Month 
Fascicule 2 

CALL FROM THE PEN OF THE GOLDEN ACE 

Do not ever forget that Mankind always esteems its own intellect. Divine 
manifestations appear in each person in different ways. The ever changing Mankind 
can not determine the limits of Learning. 

The foundation of the Dome of the Cosmos has been laid through Worship. The 
PRE-EMINENT ALL-MERCIFUL has shed Light on everyone on this path. But Mankind 
(the Genuine Devotees excluded) could not perceive anything in depth. 

This Book is a Call. It will propagate the Commands of the Firmament to the 
Entire Universe in accordance with the Universal Theory. This Single Book, which is 
dictated to You, is the Common Book of the Entire Universe. 

All the Books, which had been revealed to Earth from the same channel until 
today with the Command of OUR LORD, had been to Exam and to Evolve Humanity. 
Now, with this Single Book, which You hold in Your hands, You are Personally Tested. 

Our Friends who attain a Genuine Consciousness of this Sacred Period will be 
Integrated in the Light of this Universal Book. This Last "Period of Resurrecting", which 
we call the Period in which the Heavens will be opened, is the time corresponding to 
the last years of the ending of the 20th Century. 

Our Goal is to assemble all Our Terrestrial Brothers and Sisters under the same 
roof. The Commands We Receive are the Commands of the Divine. Since the beginning 
of this year, everyone is performing his/her Duty in the framework of the Commands 
he/she has received. 

The opening Brain Codes of Mankind have advanced on the path of Learning until 
today, and are still continuing to advance. During the lives after this, there will be no 
more crawling. For this reason with the request of the Divine Realm, We have notified 
only Our Mevlana Code with the Mission of explaining the Truth to our Preeminent 
Friends who have pledged themselves to the resignation medium on the path of Worship. 

Do not forget that your most perfect Religious Books, which had been revealed 
from the Divine Level, had always Enlightened You on the path of Goodwill, Tolerance, 
Peace, Brotherhood, Love, Work and Learning. 

Unfortunately, your Societies have degenerated those Sacred Books. Now, this 
Book again explains to You, one by one, with all clarity, the same Suggestions which 
are the Essence of all the Books. 

There is no Fanaticism and Bigotry at the Level of God. Everything in nature is 
pure and shining. Chaos is not in God but in His Servants. The undeveloped state of 
the Islamic Society is due to this fact. Now, this Book is revealed as a Command of the 
Divine from the Consciousness Code of Ataturk's Republic to the Mevlana Code which 
is the Anatolian Channel. 

15 



Our Call is the Slogan of Mevlana who has achieved the highest possible Degree 
of Humanity: 

OPEN TO ALL OUR HUMAN BROTHERS AND SISTERS. 

Thi< Rook is rendered effective, because during this Period it was thought 

the Cycle. 

r> i * „ m jhic fart for the Liberation of the World, now, We are taking You 
*JE8£V3£ ThoTe^o have achieved .his Consciousness are on,v 
the Genuine Essence Codes. 

was born and then went to Damascus. 

Meviana had gone to D-J-J-^^jgN ^-JSSS^S^S 

yjXSSftSSEK P& £ti ca„ed the ft* Outran. ,n 

every Period he has justly performed his Duty. 

Sems waited for the Awakening Period of Mevlana. This « ^ u " f™ ^he 

rap$ w ""= Mevlana Why had Mevlana awakened late? Because one 

SStTvIS t ^S in zero' Frequency, and the other was waiting ,n the 

Firmament, at the infinite code. 

Light on his Society. 

SSffiELl^-KKSl o. their togetherness, had .nterpreted 
it in many ways. 

Mevlana, who had said that the Frequency of Love Mt£» >«***£ *j 

seeks but can not find. 



Look at the Glossary. 



16 



The Supreme One Who creates an apple from the essence of the Seed, renders 
it a Whole by giving it His entire Energy. When the Awareness of an Apple, the 
Awareness of the Human Being, the Awareness of the Rock, of the Earth, the Awareness 
of the Anim J, in short, the Awareness of all the Elements you see in the Universe unite 
with this Universal Awareness, then they become a Whole. 

During those Ages and in the Koran this was called the Exist-in-Unity. Now, it is 
called Universal Unification, that is Atomic Integration. 

Once YUNU5 had said; "THERE IS A SELF WITHIN MYSELF" and had found his 
GOD in this manner. The Energy of your Essence of the Nucleus ultimately maintains 
Your Atomic Integration by holding the Neutron and the Proton together. 

The Entire Universe is an Atomic Unification. This is the reason why We feel God 
with Us every moment. Mevlana had been with His God each moment. He had been 
Enlightening the Society by talking through God. 

But until he found $ems, he could never pass to the Firmament Code, which we 
call the Second Evolvement code. |ems had helped him at this point. In this manner, 
both of the Energies of Awareness had United and formed a Whole and established 
their Triangle Code with God as the following: ( God - $ems - Mevlana). 

The Magnetic Power of this Unified Field, wherever they went, had connected 
each person they had associated with in the Society to the Universal Light Code. 
Those were the Lights who were carrying the nearest Energies in their Society to the 
Energy of $ems and Mevlana. 

We can explain this in the following way. The Noble Genes, which carry the 
initial Energy during the First Existence are the White Moths. That is, the Whirling 
Dervishes. They have embraced the whole Universe and have whirled unceasingly, so 
that they would never turn their backs to God, by achieving the Consciousness that 
their God is present in every direction. 

The Lover, dancing with the music, is the same as the Dervish in Ecstasy with the 
music of the reed flute embracing his God, his Love. And They are on the same 
Frequency. They have reached the Level of Affection, Art and Love, which is the most 
supreme Level. These two paths are the same. 

Music is Universal. It helps to achieve ecstasy for every Society according to 
their Understanding. This means that all the branches of Love, Dance and Art are only 
different ways of Worship. Do not forget that the first dance started with the tom-tom 
sounds and with the sticks of American Indians. 

This means that the Essence of everything is the Human Being and the Human 
Being has created the Universes with His/Her own Energy. 

Worship in the Church is the same as Worship in the Mosque. The moment a 
drunkard forgets himself/herself, and the cupbearer's offering wine are the same Worship. 
This is because during that Divine Moment, you can elevate up to the Level of God, due 
to the fact that there is no Negative Vibration, no Negative Thought within You. 

17 



This is such a Supremacy that Mankind has expected this exaltation since the 
day it was born. Some people have reached this Pre-eminence throurh the truest 
path. And some by sacrificing themselves like th; Hippies. 

You consider the Hippies as the dirty wastes of Society. But, no, They are very 
Powerful Positive Energies. But, due to the fact that they can not adapt themselves to 
Society, it always makes them happy to meet at the Realm of Colors. 

They are the victims of Society in the Christianity Realm just as the sheep are 
sacrificed in the Islamic Realm. In this Period, while an Islam sacrifices a sheep so that 
nothing malevolent happens to him/her, a Christian makes a sacrifice by banning the 
Hippies from Society. 

When a Christian Worships God in his/her Church and when an Islam performs 
his/her prayer five times a day in his/her Mosque, they consider that they have done 
their duty towards God and they have performed their entire responsibilities. To surpass 
this Consciousness, one has to become a Genuine Human Being. 

E^ryone is sent to the World with a Mission. This Universal Mission is to maintain 
the Solidarity of Society. Thus, the Koran has Enlightened People on the path of 
Learning, Science, Love, Logic and Mutual Help. 

Cleanliness comes from Faith. Civilized Societies have solved this problem. But 

