the Initial Foundation of Three Totalities of 1 8 at the same moment, by forming 3 
Councils. By this means, in accordance with the 3+3+3=9 Formula, the Initial 
Foundation of as many Totalities of 18 as desired can be laid. 

The group of 6 people which will be constituted by the suggestion for one person 
each of the Three Friends who are the Initial Foundation of each Totality of 1 8, are 
obliged to serve in connection with the Reality until the Year 2000. After the year 
2000, Friends who will be accepted within the Totality of 1 8, will be accepted by the 
collective Decision of that Totality (This is a System). 

The Foundation of 3 Totalities of 18 which will be established at the same 
moment, will wind up their skeins separately and thus, will complete their Totalities. 
However, it is imperative that these 3 Totalities of 1 8 should definitely come together 
with their complete Staffs at a Friendship Meal once a Month. 

This is a Reflection System. These Mini Groups constituted like this will form the 
Macro Groups in Future Years and thus, will render effective more Powerful Reflection 
Networks in accordance with the same Consciousness - same Coordinate - same Book 
(The Knowledge Book). 



979 



After the formation of the Initial Basic Staff of 324 people, if the Macro groups 
constituted by the coming together of 1 8 Totalities of 1 8 in Future Years render effective 
exactly the same Operational Ordinances required of the Initial Basic Staff of 324 
people and if they exactly do all the obligations required, they will be card-indexed 
into the Registration Center of BETA NOVA and will directly be connected to the Aura 
of (O). It is presented for Your Information. 

UNIVERSAL ORDINANCE COUNCIL 

IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 
(Answer to the chains of Thought Date of Message 2-6-1990 ) 

Dear Mevlana, 

The Program of an Age in which everything proceeds and will proceed towards 
the perfect, has been rendered effective. By the questions We receive from the Thought 
Signals, the Terrestrial Consciousnesses have no right to upset You or to tire You. During 
this Period, everyone is responsible for his/her Consciousness. 

Alterations within the Systematic operations can in no way be reconsidered in 
accordance with the Human Thoughts, through the interpretations created by the 
Individual Thoughts of everyone. 

Humanity will go through a narrow strait at the moment. It is evident that the 
morsels swallowed can not aid digestion without being chewed. Indigestions are 
caused by the fact that the serious Order of the Plan has not been comprehended yet. 

The operations the Divine Orders render in the framework of the Divine Plans 
comprise the entire Humanity. This is the very reason why the Reflection Totality of 
1 8, the Universal Order has offered to Your Planet comprises Your entire Planet. 

However, instead of the Individual Efforts to be made on the path of forming the 
Magnetic Aura of the Knowledge Book, now, the Reflection System of the 1 8 has been 
rendered Effective for a speedier Formation. 

For this reason the given Messages have been prepared by taking entirely the 
life Level of Your Planet into consideration. However, any alteration in these Messages 
is out of question. 

The System will be together with Consciousnesses who will be able to share this 
responsibility. There is no compulsion on this path. The Decision to enter the Totality 
of 18 will be given by that Person's Own Essence Desire. 

However, numerous agitations and disturbances will occur within the Totalities 
of 18 until the Required Consciousness Potential forms. Besides the Totality of 6 
constituting the foundation, Self- Sacrificing Consciousnesses will form the Skein, 

Consciousnesses who will augment the Skein, will be accepted into the Totality of 
1 8 by the approval of the Totality of 6, one by one. Even if one person among those who 
come to the group is not accepted by this Totality of 6, they will be rendered ineffective. 

980 



'■ 



The Negative Thoughts of those who are outside this Totality of 6 will always 
render ineffective their own selves. The initial Foundation is the sextuplet. Even if 
only one person among these 6 people does not accept the newcomer, that Friend 
can never enter the Group. 

Let Us explain the reason for this, too. The 6 Fundamental Friends are a Flower 
Totality connected to the Reality's Essence Consciousness. Their refusal is the Reflection of 
the Reality. We presume that this Information will shed Light on many Totalities of 18. 

Now, let Us mention the obligation of distributing the First Fascicules during the 
Conscious Mission Days. This System is the exact application of the System here on 
Your Planet. This is a Program of Reflection and Operation. 

Everyone is obliged to carry on his/her work pertaining to the matter of Aura 
Formation every week, on his/her Conscious Mission Day. The choice here is the 
Individual's own choice. 



If a Friend carries on this task with a complete Allegiance, without any inquiries, 
this is his/her Responsibility Grade. And it is always for the benefit of that person. But 
if he/she presumes that there will be Difficulties in this Distribution task, then this is 
his/her problem. 

There is no quantity limit in the Medium of distributing these Fascicules. Each 
Individual will augment his/her Notebook of Positives in proportion with the Self- 
Sacrificing Mission he/she renders. You know that there is no limit to the Mission, 
Mission is Interminable. However, the continuation of Your Mission depends on Your 
Self-Sacrifice. You either walk on this path, or You stop. 

Consciousnesses who will establish the Totalities of 1 8 exactly as required, will act 
completely by the Consciousness of the Knowledge Book and by the Fascicules they will 
distribute, will convey the Truth to the person to whom they have given the Fascicule and 
thus, will Illuminate and will contribute to the Consciousness of that person. The situations 
following this are the problem of the person who receives the Fascicule. 

And We would like to be contended by the following answer to the Thoughts 
about how many Fascicules to be distributed: In Your own selves You are the Totality 
of 1 8. But the population of Your World is more than 5 Billion. There is no limit there. 
Self-Sacrifice - Faith - Love - Patience - Genuine Mission Consciousness, that is (the 
serious Appropriation of the Mission) are valid in this operational Ordinance. It is 
presented for Your Information. 

Transmitted from the Center 
SYSTEM 



981 






IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

1 - The Totality of 1 8 is the Mission of the Knowledge Book at the Dimension of the 
Reality. 

2- This Mission proceeds its work directly in connection with the Totality of the ALL 
MERCIFUL 

3- This Operational Ordinance is the Individual Transition Exam of the 1 6th Solar System. 

4- Thought is very important in the Universal Totality. 

5- 18 people meeting for the same Aim is a Universal Worship. 

6- In return for the Service rendered, Celestial Gates are opened to You. 

7- The Basic Groups of 1 8 constituted in Your Planet are United by the Operational 
Ordinances connected to the Reality. 

8- The Financial potentials which 1 8 people will contribute for the sake of the same 
Goal, attain value by Augmenting in accordance with the System of 
Multiplication. 

9- During the operations of the Totality of 1 8, the Record of the Skies is made on 
that Day. 

Note: To proceed in accordance with the Suggestions given about the Totality 
of 18 will create the most Positive results. 

COUNCIL 

IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 
(Answer to Thoughts. Date of Message: 28-11-1990) 

Dear Mevlana, 

We would like to give You a very clear Message about the Totalities of 1 8. It has 
been considered necessary to dictate it article by article, so that the Message can be 
understood better and that it will not be open to any Interpretation. Write, please: 

1- There is no place ever in the Totality of 18 for Individualistic Thoughts. 

2- For those who will enter the Totality of 18 any forcing is out of guestion. 

3- The Totality of 18 is a demand for the Medium of Unity. 

4- The Individual invited to the Totality of 1 8, is first obliged to take under Supervision 
himself/herself in his/her own self. 

5- Wish of those who will enter the Totality of 1 8 is not a Phenomenon originating 
from Thought. This is the demand for the Exam of the Skies for an Individual 
who feels that he/she is Integrated. 

6- This is a Pledge, this is an Allegiance, this is to stamp the Seal of Heart on the 
Service made on the Path of ALLAH. 

7- The Individual in each Totality of 18 is responsible for His/Her Own self. 

982 



">: 



mm 



| 



8- Worldly Problems can never enter the Totality of 18. In such Mediums, always 
the Universal Reflecting Chips are damaged. 

9- Each Individual within the Totality of 1 8 is a Totality beyond the Siblings within 
the Mother's womb. 

1 0- This Totality is Universal Brotherhood and in the Universal Brotherhood there is 
no Evil Intention. 

1 1 - Consciousnesses who were not able to attain the Virtues mentioned above are 
Automatically Disqualified by the System, by their Own Desires. 

12- Susceptibility, Doubt, Anger, Rancor, Hatred, Lovelessness in the Totality of 18 
returns to the one who carries these Feelings, becoming Empowered in 
accordance with the System of Reflection. 

1 3- Until a total Foundation of Love - Respect - Brotherhood is formed in the Totality 
of 18, the Supervision of the Coordinates is under the Control of the System. 

1 4- This Control is in effect until the Humane Consciousnesses who constitute the 
Totality of 1 8 settle in the same Consciousness Pot. 

1 5- At the moment, a Mixed 1 8 Reflection Totality is constituted of those who make 
Reflections on the same Coordinate Level among the Totalities constituting the 
Totalities of 18. 

1 6- In future, Genuine Human Consciousnesses will form this Totality. 

1 7- This Humane Totality will be a Totality who will be Loving - Patient - Tolerant - 
Forgiving - Who will be able to place his/her Enemy over his/her head like a 
crown and who will not carry a negative Thought for no one, including his/her 
own self. 

1 8- Joining 18 Totality is a Universal Covenant. It is calling to the Voice of the Skies. 
It is not imploring ALLAH, but Rising towards Him. 

1 9- The Totality of 1 8 is a Missionary work. It is the Formation of the Universal Auras. 
And each Magnetic Aura has formed until today by the Totality Reflections of 
such Consciousnesses. 

20- The Magnetic Fields and Universal Totalities of the Missions of MOSES - JESUS 
CHRIST - MOHAMMED had been formed by this means. 

21- The Individual Missions of those Periods were an Operational Ordinance 
pertaining to that particular Individual's Salvation. And it was a Preparation on 
the Path of ALLAH. 

22- Now, the Mass Consciousness Reflection of the Totality of 1 8 (on the Same 
Coordinate Level) will form the Magnetic Aura of the KNOWLEDGE BOOK on 
ALLAH's Essence Dimension. 

23- This Operational Ordinance is not an Individualistic Reflection, but a Universal 
one. 

24- Individual Reflections are up to the Dimension of Salvation. Universal Reflections 
form the attainments and the Auras beyond Salvation. 

983 



25- Demanding to Serve at this Coordinate Totality is a Triumph of the Human Being 
and Humanity. 

26- Service on this Path is to receive Permission for entering the Dimension in which 
the Genuine Human Beings will meet altogether. 

27- During this Period of Transition, these very Difficult paths are rendered the Easiest 
by these Totalities of 1 8 and the Program prepared thus, is applied on Your Planet. 

28- To act exactly parallel to the formerly given Information about the Totalities of 18 is 
directly a Reflection Program, In these Programs, Alterations are out of question. 

29- By this Program, the Permission of entering the very Advanced Protection 
Dimension of the BETA Magnetic Aura beyond the ALPHA Magnetic Aura is given 
to the Individual. 

30- However, the Individual is prepared in this Program until he/she attains all the 
Virtues listed above. 

31 - The KNOWLEDGE BOOK prepares You for the Accelerated Evolution Program of 
this Final Age through the path of Mission. 

32- No Humane Thought can be applied to Any of the Suggestions given until today 
about the Totality of 1 8 and nothing can be altered. 

33- By this means, the Oaths You had Unconsciously made until today to ALLAH, 
now You are making Consciously by Your Intellect - Logic - Awareness Triangles. 
Demanding for the Totality of 18, is this. 

34- The errors made on this path are subject to a Two- Year Universal Tolerance (Beginning 
with February, 1991). However, those whose Coordinates are unsuitable - those 
who break the Chips will never be Permitted to enter this Sacred Work. 

35- For this reason the Universal Reflection Totality of the Magnetic Aura of the 
KNOWLEDGE BOOK is formed, for now, by Mixed Reflection Programs, under 
the Supervision of the System. 

36- This path is the path the Genuine Human Being who will establish the Worlds of the 
Morrows will Consciously tread. The one who will gain is the Human Being himself/ 
herself. 

SYSTEM 

IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 
(This Message Has Been Given Exactly as it is In 1991 Third Month, Fascicule 45) 

Our Friends, 

All the operations in Your Planet which will attain the entire Awareness of the 
Ordinance in a very short time, have been divided by the System so that a Total can be 
attained anew. All the work done on this Dimension of Transition, on the Path of Our 
ALLAH is a Program projected on all the Consciousnesses. While these Reflections 
kindle the Consciousness Lights of Human Beings, they also bring out the Negative 
aspects of certain others. 



984 



Messages given to You about the Totality of (18) are completely a Phenomenon 
concerning the Operational Order of the System. In this operational order the Lordly 
Order has formed in connection with the Automatism, each Totality of (1 8) is an Aura 
Projecting Missionary. 

And is obliged to form an Aura only in accordance with the KNOWLEDGE BOOK. 

The Nucleic Staffs the Totalities of (1 8) will constitute, will form the Unified Field 
of the Knowledge Book in the Magnetic Totality of ALLAH (We wish this matter to be 
understood better, thus We repeat). 

The Operational Ordinances of 18 given to You are an operational Order 
comprising the very Advanced Plans of the Universal Totality All the Efforts made on 
this path are the Testimonials for the Advanced Plans. 

By all the work done in Your Planet in accordance with the Knowledge Book, 
Permissions for entering the World which will constitute the Initial Nucleus of the 
BETA Cijrz will be given to Humanity. 

In accordance with the Laws of 18 System of the Ordinance of the Cosmoses, 18 
persons Uniting on the same Coordinate form as a Total the Projective Aura Center. 
The operations of the Totalities of (18) are an Operational Order Programmed by the 
Universal Ordinance Council. And it works in connection with the Automatism. 

The Magnetic Aura of the Knowledge Book will be formed by the operations 
rendered in accordance with the Knowledge Book, by the Humane Consciousnesses 
who Love the Human Being and Humanity, who do not Repel each other and who 
know to Help each other and to Share through their Essence. By the Auras which are 
endeavored to be formed, Reflections will be made on the Ordinance of the Cosmoses 
and the desired Universal Totality will thus be attained. 

Now, let Us mention briefly the operational Ordinance of the Totalities of (18). 
Normally, the Center of Three Totalities of (1 8) We wish to establish in each city, are 
considered as the actual Reflecting Focal Point. Also numerous Totalities of (1 8) can 
be established in the same city only after this Totalistic Center is formed. 

The First Three Persons who will form the foundation of a Totality of (1 8), are 
considered in the Operational Ordinance of the System as the Direct Missionaries 
with Covenants. And each one who constitutes this Triplet is obliged to take a Friend 
of his/hers whom he/she Believes in and Trusts, by getting the Approvals of the Friends 
who constitute the Triple Totality. 

By this means, 3 persons + Assistants of Each One = 6 persons are directly connected 
to the System and they take the Mission of being the Spokespersons of the System. 
Afterwards, Individuals who will wind the Skein of the Totality of (1 8), are Accepted, one 
by one, into the Totality by receiving the Approvals of this Totality of (6). 



985 



Even if One person out of this Totality of (6) does not accept the proposed person, 
that person can not enter the Totality. At that moment, the person who Refuses is 
Directly connected to the System. His/her Individual Consciousness can never play a 
part in this Medium. In this manner, the same Coordinate Levels are Integrated by the 
aids of the System. Negativities occurring among the First Three Missionaries with 
Covenants who constitute the Totality of (1 8), cause the Disbanding of the entire 
Totality. But, afterwards: 

1- This Triplet, one by one, is obliged to establish a Totality of (1 8) each (This means 
that he/she is Responsible for the 18 Brothers and Sisters). 

2- If Friends who complete the Totality of (1 8) render their duty without Disbanding 
for One World Year, after the last 18th Individual's Entrance, the Names of all 
these Friends are written on a sheet of paper and are kept in a File (These Names 
are also registered on the Diskette at the same moment). 

3- One World Year will be recounted again, beginning with the Entrance Date of 
the person who has come for completing the Totality of (1 8) in the place of the 
Individual who had left the Totality of (18), for example, (6) or (10) months later 
(Attention will Especially be paid to this matter. Otherwise, the Diskette 
Registration cannot be made). 

4- Those who wish among the Individuals who are able to maintain the Totality of 
(18) for One or more World Years, may constitute a second Totality of (18) by 
asking the Permission of their Totality (In this Permission, the Permission of the 
1 7 persons is a must. And the Acceptance of the Person whom he/she will bring 
in his/her place will be rendered by the approval of the 1 7 persons). 

5- The Individual who attempts to establish the second Totality of (1 8), is Responsible 
for that Totality of (1 8) for a Lifetime. In case he/she can not maintain the 
continuation of the Totality of (18) he/she establishes, he/she loses his/her Right 
also in the First Totality of (1 8). 

6- This Operational Ordinance is directly the Operational Ordinance of Advanced 
Realities. And it is desired that it should be conveyed and applied to Your Planet 
exactly as it is. 

7- No Totality of (18) can go outside the operational Order the System has given. 

8- Each Totality of (18) is responsible for its own Constitution. 

9- No one in the Totality of (1 8) is authorized to train each other or to impose his/ 
her Individual Thoughts. 

10- No Totality of (18) can ever bring Suggestions parallel to its Terrestrial 
Consciousnesses to the other Totalities of (18), nor can it rebuke them, 

1 1 - Each Individual in the Totality of (18) is Responsible only for H is/Her Own self 
(To criticize their Brothers/Sisters in accordance with their Individual 
Consciousness causes the breaking of the Chips). 

1 2- Making a demand for the Totality of (1 8) is a Humane Responsibility. Here, one 
becomes willing for the Exams for being Accepted into the Presence of ALLAH 
and thus, Covenants are made through the Essence. 

986 



13- It is not necessary for those who will enter this Totality of (1 8) to be the possessors 
of Advanced Consciousness and Knowledge. It is considered enough for them 
just to render exactly the desired Missions by the Totality of Intellect - Logic - 
Awareness, by Allegiance Consciousness and in a Totality of Love. 

14- Each Individual in the Totality of (18) is obliged to give the Totality of (9) pages 
constituting the First Fascicule* of the Knowledge Book, on the Speciat Day of 
Mission he/she will choose himself/herself. (During this Service, the 
Characteristics of the Book will be explained by Speech). On that Day, Reflections 
on the same Coordinate are Card-indexed, one by one, and thus, are collected 
in the (Main) Diskette. The Aura Reflections are made by these Diskettes. 

1 5- If any Individual within the Totality of (18) can not render the Fascicule Service that 
week due to various reasons, he/she is obliged to Serve the Fascicules remaining in 
his/her hand the following week, on the same Mission Day (this is a Karma, 
Obligation Program). The services made on other days, are not registered. 

16- Individuals within the (18) can change their Private Mission Days with other 
days in compulsory circumstances and with the condition that this will not happen 
more than Three times. 

1 7- Individuals who will not be able to come to the Totality of (1 8) that day, due to their 
very important excuses, are obliged to inform their excuses to a telephone determined 
formerly, on the morning of the working day of the Totality of (1 8) (Even if they are 
in the Remotest Continent). This is a Program of Responsibility. 

1 8- The Aura of the Individual whose connection is made on that day by phone, is 
projected by the Plan, on the Totality of (18) he/she is in, and thus, the Aura 
Chain is completed. 

19- Each Individual who has self-confidence, who masters his personality, who is 
Conscious of his/her obligation, who is Tolerant and Loving can apply for this work. 

20- In this Operational Ordinance there is no forcing, no compulsion or imposition. 
Everyone who accepts to act in accordance with the work the System desires, 
may work in the Totality of (18). 

21- In this operational Order connected to the Automatism, any Individual who 
creates Negativity, Automatically disqualifies himself/herself from the Medium. 

22- The System will always transfer Friends who are more Responsible, in place of 
Friends who do not or can not render the Missions which are obligatory in the 
Totality of (18). 

23- In place of a disbanded Totality of (18), always the remaining people will 
immediately be oriented to establish a Totality of (1 8). 

24- The System never stops by any means. More Totalities will be rendered effective 
in place of the disbanded Totalities. 

25- The Unified Fields which once used to be created by Individual Thought Forms, 
have now been rendered effective as Mass Reflection Systems, due to the Scarcity 
of Time. 



* Look at the Glossary. 



m 



I 




26- This Reflection System is connected to all the Totalities of (1 8) which will exhibit 
the same operational Order of an Order connected to the Automatism. 

27- Until these Totalities of (18) reach the desired Level, Negativities will break the 
Chips of the operational Order and Totalities of (1 8) will be made to be established 
anew (even if only (1) Person remains of the Totality of (18)). 

28- By this means, the Perfect Reflection Totality will be formed through the operations 
made during the processes of time. 

29- Each Totality of (18) is a Reflection Focal Point. 

30- Each Totality of (18) is the Mission of the Knowledge Book on the Dimension of 
the Reality. 

31- This Mission continues its work directly in connection with the Level of the ALL 
MERCIFUL. 

32- By the operations done, the Knowledge Book will form its Aura in the Universal 
Ordinance of the Dimension of the ALL MERCIFUL, as a result of the Reflections of 
Your Thought Forms. * 

33- The Unified Field of this Knowledge Book will be Formed in Three Cosmic Ages 
and only afterwards, the Reflection Program on the Ordinance of the Cosmoses 
will be started. 

34- At the moment, the Programs of Unification are in effect in the Ordinance of the 
Cosmoses. 

35- The Knowledge Book is projected on Three Totalities at the moment. The First 
close Magnetic Aura formed here, will become complete here and thus, will be 
Projected on the other Totalities by the Reflection System from Your Planet which 
is the Nucleus of the Book. 

36- The Knowledge Book which is the Book of Unification, will also be Projected on 
those Orders just as the way We are reaching You at this moment by Cosmic 
Reflections and just as the way the Book is dictated to You through this path. 

37- For this reason the Operational Order of the Totality of (1 8) (in accordance with 
the given Directives) is Necessary and Very Important for the formation of the 
Magnetic Aura of the Knowledge Book. 

38- Each Totality of (18) is, one by one, Responsible for the Missions it will render in 
the direction of the same Coordinate. 

39- At the moment, in the Reflection on the same Coordinate which is required of 
You, the (KNOWLEDGE BOOK) is the matter in question. 

40- During the work done in the Totality of (1 8), different channel talk and connections 
outside the Knowledge Book can not be made. Different Messages can not be 
read, discussions on the Knowledge Book can not be made (So that the Aura 
will not be shattered). 

41- If desired, the Knowledge Book may be read only with the Consciousness of 
Allegiance, in the Medium of the Totality of (1 8). 

988 



th 
O 



42- If the Totality of (1 8) has not been yet completed in number, the required Reflection 
can never be obtained (Only the Totality of (18) forms the Reflection). For this 
reason the System has, for now, rendered effective the Mixed Reflection Program. 

43- The Totality of (18), or more, constituted in every city, will assemble together as 
a Totality of Love each Month and, by this means, for the first time Direct Group 
Reflections will be made from Your Planet. 

44- These Reflections are formed not by the Totality of Consciousness, but by the 
Totality of Love. However, direct Coordinate Reflections are formed by Totalities 
of Consciousness. 

45- We believe that in Future years, Direct Reflections in Your Planet will be rendered 
by these Totalities of Consciousness and We trust You. 

46- Formerly, the Operation and the Dissemination Order of the Knowledge Book 
had been declared to You by the System. And now, We announce the Operational 
Ordinance of the (1 8). 

47- If Friends who wish to form the Totalities of (18) which will make Reflections on 
the same Coordinate, read one by one, all the Obligations dictated above, article 
by article, and apply them Consciously by digesting them and by treading on 
the designed path with a Totality of Love, this will form the most Positive Results. 
It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 

Note: In the Operational Order formed by the Totality of (1 8), no Coordinate other 
than the 18 Members can ever enter the Group on the work day. The 19th Connection 
Channel is Directly the System (Otherwise, the Reflection cannot be made). 

SPECIAL SUGGESTIONS TOTALITIES OF 18 WILL HEED 

1 - On the Meeting Day, no one can join the Group except the Totality of 1 8. 

2 - Friends within the Totality of 1 8 at present are obliged to let bloom their Private 

Mission Flowers until (November 6, 1993). 

3 - The Missions of Friends who establish their Private Flower Groups will be valid 

beginning with the Signature and the Date they will put for once in the Notebooks 
of the 6 Friends. 

4 - Friends who receive the Fascicule are obliged to put the date of that Day and 

their Terrestrial Signatures at the back of the Fascicule they receive each week. 

5 - The 6 Friends who will come to the Focal Point of the Undertaker of Duty of the 

Private Flower will be introduced to the Knowledge Book for the First time by the 
First Fascicule the Undertaker of Duty will give them. 

6 - The Missionary of the Flower will personally make the Fascicules of the Book 

printed (they can not be Ordered). The Financial potential should be provided 
by the Missionary. He/she cannot give the Fascicules to his/her Friends in return 
for money. 



989 



7 - In the printing of the Fascicules, Friends within the 1 8 are obliged to help the 

Friends who (Truly) do not have Financial potential. 

8 - Friends who have Physical handicaps will be helped in printing the Fascicules. 

9 - Everyone within the Totality of 18 is obliged to be present during the Friendship 

Meals (except for very important excuses). 

10 - Those who cannot take their channels under control, those who do different 

channel work will not be considered within the Totality of 1 8. 

1 1 - Within the Totality of 1 8, anywork other than the Knowledge Book is out of 

question. 

12 - It is compulsory to have, within the Private Files of all the Friends who work 

within the 18, the Fascicule especially added to the Knowledge Book and that 
the Friends should bring this Fascicule with them to each Meeting. 

1 3 - It is imperative always to Read this Fascicule during the meeting days, so that the 

desired Suggestions can be grasped better. 

14 - Everyone within the Totality of 18 is obliged to give a financial sum, even if very 

little, in accordance with his/her Capacity. 

15 - It is imperative for Friends within the Totality of 18 to Donate the weekly sums 

they will collect, to the Group or Associations to which they are related. 



16 



17 



18 



19 



If Friends who constitute the Totalities of 1 8 are not related to any Association or 
Group, then they can orient the sum they collect towards a desired social help 
by Common Decision. 

Friends within the Totality of 18 who give Donations to their Association, are 
also obliged to become Members of that Association. 

Friends who cannot enter an Association or a Group due to Social reasons, are 
obliged to give only their Donations. (This is a test of Self- Sacrifice and Mutual 
Help.) 

The Totality of 1 8 is a Universal Mission. Friends who cannot conform to these 
given Suggestions can in no way be considered within the Totality of 18. It is 
presented for Your Information. 

COUNCIL 



Boc 
adc 
Ore 
(th- 



ree* 
rela 

int 



nee 
Dee 



(Nc 
will 
give 



con 
has 
Mis 
aski 



EXPLANATION 

The repetition of the Message given in the 45th Fascicule of 1991's Third Month 
has been desired to be included within this Special Fascicule on the Totalities of 1 8 
and repetition of many sentences is a Phenomenon for the reinforcement of Energy 
and Frequency. When the time comes, Special Suggestions will be dictated, passage 
by passage, into the Book. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



pro' 
by 
Ho\ 
dire 



990 



..IJImI 



4-7 - 1992 
IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE AWAKENED CONSCIOUSNESSES 

Our Friends, 

On 1992 World Year which is the Completion date of the Knowledge 
Book, the SYSTEM has rendered ineffective its Direct Reflection Program by 
adding into the Book the Special Fascicule given pertaining to the operational 
Ordinances of the Totalities of 1 8 and has connected its Independent Channel, that is, 
(the Channel of Dear Mevlana) Directly to the SUPREME MECHANISM. 

However, Information to be given from the Supreme Mechanism may never be 
received without asking questions. Because, since the Thoughts of the Individuals are 
related to the interest felt for the Mission, the technique of asking questions is in effect 
in this System. 

As a result of each question asked, besides the Information the Supreme 
Mechanism will give, one by one, the System will also be able to give, if it considers 
necessary, the direct Information obliged to be given again through the Channel of 
Dear Mevlana (Th/ough Dear Mevlana's Own Private Channel). 

This given Information will take its place in the Book, Page by Page, until 
(November 6, 1993) World Year by sequence of Date, one by one, and thus, the Book 
will be completed. By this means, You will be helped to dive deeper into the Information 
given in the Book formerly. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



4-7- 1992 



IT IS PRIVATE NOTICE 



Dear Mevlana, 

You have written in the Book, exactly as they are, all the Information given in 
connection with the System until today. However, at the moment, Your Dimension 
has been Directly Connected to the SUPREME MECHANISM as a necessity of Your 
Mission. For this reason You can never receive answers from this Mechanism without 
asking questions. 

Because, Our Human Friends' asking questions by thinking about the subjects 
profoundly is Equivalent to their Evolutions. For this reason all the Information received 
by asking questions will, from now on, be added into the Book, Page by Page. 
However, at the moment, We are giving the answers belonging to the chains of Thought 
directly through Your Private Channel, Our Friend. Love and Regards. 

SYSTEM 



991 



5 - 7 - 1992 

IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 
(It is Answer to the chains of Thought) 

Our Friends, 

You, who attain Bodies in Your Planet as a result of a Program prepared according 
to the Special laws of the Divine Plans, attain Awareness only according to the Capacity 
of Awakening of the Dimensional Consciousness You are in. 

You, who utilize Your entire Unveiled Awareness at the Advanced Plans, are 
obliged to act in accordance with the Evolutionary Tableau of Your Planet. Your 20% 
Locked-up Consciousness Energies are kept in the Evolution Banks. This Energy is Your 
Universal Storehouse. 

On the World Plan, You can utilize only one Third of Your entire Consciousness. 
However, this is an Occurrence which takes place only after You are Awakened. 

Before You are Awakened, You presume that You are utilizing Your Consciousness 
Lights and thus, You waste that 8eautiful Energy of Yours Unconsciously, spending it 
like small change on the World Plan by various means. 

After You are Awakened, the System renders effective Your remaining Energy and 
makes You spend it in a Balanced way, parallel to the Social Consciousnesses, in a 
Programmed manner. 

This is Your gain. It should never be assessed as an interference to Free Wills. 
However, no Entity connected to the COSMO Consciousness can ever again utilize 
his/her Own Consciousness. 

Because, he/she is obliged to utilize, in the Dimension he/she lives, the 
Consciousness of GOD, the Words of GOD from then on. For Us, these very Friends are 
each a Universal GOD. And We consider them as Gods. It is presented for Your 
Information. 

SYSTEM 



6-7 - 1992 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

The operational Ordinances to be performed in accordance with the Suggestions 
of the Divine Plan are an Occurrence concerning the Establishment of the Direct Fourth 
Order. 

Since those who will establish this Perfect Order are Perfect Consciousnesses, 
these Universal Consciousnesses are taken into Special Programs in each Section of 
Your Planet by different operations rendered. 



that 
Toti 
the 



hav 

Feb 



to v 
Yea 



unt 
Sah 
this 



Sist 
this 



dur 
eac 



Per 
(De 






a r 
alw 
op. 



op- 
rer 
the 



992 



hkv 



This is the reason why the Supreme Mechanism which has taken the Decision 
that the other Friends, too, should be made to benefit from the Special Rights of the 
Totalities of 18 until the World Year 2000, has rendered effective the duration of Writing 
the Book as the World Year 2000. 

At the moment, to those who had started to write the Book before and who 
have not yet completed it, the Right has been given to complete it until the end of 
February, of the Year 2000. 

However, in case one stops Writing the Book for A Year or more, if he/she decides 
to write it again, it is definitely imperative to write the starting Date of the day and the 
Year in his/her Notebook. 

By this means, everyone will be able to write and complete their Books until the 
Year 2000. However, the Family Mediums of those who cannot complete their Books 
until 2000 will never be taken into effect. Only himself /herself will be taken into 
Salvation in reciprocation with the Service and Allegiance he/she has performed in 
this Medium. 

Each Individual in the Totality of 1 8 who brings Service to his/her 6 Brothers/ 
Sisters will only Save them from their Programs of Karma and thus, will help them on 
this path. 

However, only to those who write and complete their Books in their Handwritings 
during the period given in this Program (that is, the obligation to Write One Fascicule 
each week) their Families will also be bestowed. 

For this reason, to Friends who Finish their Books during the required time, the 
Permission to Write in the Book the Names of those whom they wish of their Families 
(Dead or Alive) have been given. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 






7- 7-1992 
IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

A Program of Self- Sacrifice is in effect in all the Universal Operations rendered as 
a necessity of the System. However, in these operational Ordinances, Information is 
always given starting from the Minimum, considering the Terrestrial Conditions. And 
operations are organized. 

For this reason in the Conscious Mission Day which will be rendered during the 
operational Ordinances of 18, only the Distribution of the First Fascicule has been 
rendered effective, so that there will not be any Financial inconvenience. (However, 
the Distribution of this First Fascicule is obligatory). 



993 



During the Conscious Mission Day, the Diskette Registration of only One Fascicule 
is made. During that day, more than one First Fascicule maybe distributed. However 
then, whoever has a high Frequency among those who receive the Fascicules, the 
Aura of that Friend is connected to Your Aura. The others are card-indexed into the 
System. 

For this reason the Name You dictate into the Notebook First does not have any 
validity anymore. This is the reason why during the Conscious Mission Day the 
distribution of only One First Fascicule has been required. 

During this operational Ordinance, the Diskette Registration of only the First 
Fascicules are made. However, besides this Fascicule, a few other Fascicules may also 
be given as an Information, if desired. There is no objection. This depends on Your 
wish. Because, the other Fascicules given other than the First Fascicule are outside the 
Diskette Registration. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



8-7-1992 



A QUESTION HAS BEEN ASKED FOR INFORMATION 



Question: My Friends, We request a clearer and more detailed Information of 
the Suggestions given about the Totalities of 1 8, be so kind to give it, please. 

Answer: This is a Message to be given to Dear Mevlana. 

All the operations made in Your Planet on which an operational Ordinance 
considered necessary by the System is applied, are the applications of different Plans 
pertaining to the Preparation and the Transition Programs of this Final Age. 

The operations of the Totalities of 18 are an operational Ordinance of very 
Advanced Plans and ordinary Consciousnesses can never receive the Permission to 
Enter these Dimensions. 

However, as a Characteristic of the Period of Sincerity, the Program of a Special 
Plan is applied on You until the Year 2000, due to the operations rendered on the 
path of the Knowledge Book. This Program will be rendered ineffective after 2000. 

Each Individual who writes his/her Notebook at the moment, is Exempt from 
KARMA. By this means, the Individual is taken Directly into the Plan of Salvation and 
his/her Family is bestowed on him/her. Those who read the Fascicules, but can not 
write them, are obliged to complete their KARMAS. 

By the operations the Friends who work in the Totality of 18 will render in 
accordance with the given Suggestions, their Direct entrance into these Advanced 
Dimensions will be provided. 






99' 



In the Program of being Accepted into this Dimension by the Operational Program 
rendered effective as the Method of making 6 Brothers/Sisters to write the book by an 
Individual, who has taken Mission within the 18, a Right for Salvation without any 
discrimination for ail the Terrestrial Brothers/ Sisters of Ours has been recognized. 

To use or not to use this Right is a phenomenon belonging to the Consciousness of 
the person in question. However, these accelerated operational Programs the responsible 
Friends who will take Mission within the Totality of 18 will render effective due to the 
Scarcity of Time, is an occurrence concerning their Consciousnesses and Evolutions. 

For this reason with the purpose to fill the vacancies within the Totalities of 1 8, 
numerous Totalities are induced to be established and the Permission to Bloom their 
Private Flowers in accordance with the given Suggestions are given to the 6 people 
who constitute the Private Study Flowers. 

The 6 Friends within the Private Mission Flower are obliged to write in their 
Notebooks only the given Fascicules, exactly as they are. Only if they finish Writing 
the Book (within the given period), the Names of the Family they will write at the end 
of the Book will be bestowed on them. 

Since the duration of maintaining the life of the Flower of each Friend within the 
Totality of 1 8 who has bloomed his/her Private Mission Flower together with his/her 6 
Brothers/Sisters, is an occurrence concerning that Friend's Mission Consciousness - 
Patience - Love - Self-Sacrifice, the Grading Tables of these Special Diskette Registrations 
will play a great part in the Dimensions into which that Individual will be able to 
enter. 

Meanwhile, Friends who are not connected to any Group, or who are in other 
Groups but write the Knowledge Book in their Notebooks by themselves, take only 
their Family Programs into effect in the Salvation Plan. 

Since they do not work directly in the Missions of the Knowledge Book, they will 
be accepted, together with their Families, into the Dimensions which they will be able 
to enter according to their Evolutions. (The operational Totalities of 1 8 are the Missions 
of the Knowledge Book. But only if acted in accordance with the given Suggestions). 
It is presented for Your Information. 

MECHANISM 



Note: 

The Totalities of 18 established and that to be established after the World Year 1992 
are obliged to make their Diskette Registrations without becoming disbanded for the 
duration of One Year after the Date on which they complete their Totalities of 1 8. 

Friends within the Totality of 1 8 who cannot take 6 Friends of theirs into the Plan 
of Salvation will not be considered as being in the Totality of 1 8. However, they will 
connect their Families and themselves to the Dimension of Salvation in accordance 
with their Levels of Evolution only if they write their Books. 



995 



10 - 7 - 1992 



A QUESTION WAS ASKED 



Question: My Friends, I request You to give the Information given to Me formerly 
about the Energies of the CREATOR - ALMIGHTY - ALLAH being the same, by disclosing 
it in more detail for the benefit of Society. Be so kind to give it. 

Answer: Private Message to be given to Dear Mevlana. 

Our Friend, the Suggestions given to You until today are Information given to be 
written in the Book being prepared Specially in the Private Archive of a Channel 
connected directly to the System. 

But the question You just asked Us is an Information outside the System. However, 
We are obliged to give this Information only to You. An answer will be given to Your 
Question. Now, write please, Our Friend. 

Everything has a beginning. However, this beginning has never become effective 
Singly. In accordance with the Programs of Existence, everything becomes effective by 
the Reflection of (THREE TO ONE - ONE TO THREE). 

For this reason there have been and there are deceptions in many Information in 
accordance with Mental Perceptions. 

While the Initial Entity had been coming into Existence, A Second and A Third 
Entity, too, had been brought into Existence and had been rendered effective together 
with It. We call Them EVOLUTION CODES. Because, they are the first EVOLUTION 
NUCLEI of the Initial Existence. 

The First Nucleus, that is, (the First Drop which had come out of the Point) is (O) 
Whom You Know and recognize as ALLAH today. The Second Nucleus is the ALMIGHTY. 
The Third Nucleus is the CREATOR, that is, the PRE-EMINENT POWER. 

The First Nucleus is the First CREATOR. He had passed to the Plan of the ALMIGHTY 
which was the next Dimension, when the time came, as a result of the work He had 
done during the processes of time in His Own Existence Dimension. In His place 
which had been vacated, the Second CREATOR who had come into Existence from the 
Second Nucleus, had come. 

The First CREATOR who had passed to the Plan and Dimension of the ALMIGHTY 
had rendered effective the chain of Laws here (These Laws are the ATLANTA 
Independent Laws), 

After the Second Creator, Who was the Second Nucleus, had performed and 
completed His work too at the Second Universe just like the First Creator, the First 
Creator Who was in the Dimension of the Almighty had passed to the Dimension of 
ALLAH which was the following Dimension. For this reason the First Creator is known 
as ALLAH. 



996 



mmm 



**m\ ijpi juiii 



By this means, to the place which had been vacated in the Dimension of the 
Almighty, the Second Creator Who was the Second Nucleus, had passed. And, from 
then on, He had undertaken His Eternal Mission here and thus, had received the Name 
the ALMIGHTY. 

And to the place vacated at the Existential Dimension, the CREATOR Who had 
formed from the Third Nucleus, had come. And He, too, had begun His Eternal Mission 

there. 

These Three Nuclei which carry the same Equivalent Energy Totality, had entered 
Evolution in accordance with the Mission and Life conditions of the Dimensions they 
were in, had, each of them, claimed ownership of their Genuine Dimensions from Past 
and Future Eternity and thus, had rendered effective the various Life Conditions and 
the Hierarchical Laws, parallel to the lives. 

For this reason the Names CREATOR - ALMIGHTY - ALLAH evaluated by the Name 
the PRE-EMINENT POWER had been introduced to You as a SINGLE Name due to their 
being Equivalent Energies. 

The CREATOR You know by the name the PRE-EMINENT POWER Who had laid 
the immutable foundation of the First Natural Giirz and Who had created the CREATORS 
of the other Artificial Giirzes is the CREATOR Who had formed from the Third Nucleus. 

The Creator Who had been formed the Second Nucleus is the ALMIGHTY Who 
had rendered effective the Laws of the Almighty and Who had taken under supervision 
the Thought Ocean of the Pre-eminent Power which had been formed afterwards. 

And ( O ) Whom We have introduced to You with the Symbol ALLAH until today, 
is the First Creator Who had come into Existence from the First Nucleus and Who had 
reached the Dimension of ALLAH as a consequence of Evolution and Who had 
established His System and made His Laws by taking that Dimension under Supervision. 

He is YOUR ALLAH. This very First Creator is the initial Entity Who have become 
Embodied in BETA-NOVA now and Who has gotten in touch with You from the close plan. 

The CREATOR - ALMIGHTY - ALLAH are Supreme Energies Who had Deserved 
their Dimensions as a result of Evolution. And They are the immutable Sovereigns of 
Their Own Dimensions. 

However, the ALL-TRUTHFUL Who had taken in hand the Supervision of the KURZ 
Totalities which had formed during the processes of Time, is a Supreme Power who 
had came into effect from the Direct ATLANTA Dimension. 

This is the reason why it has been said in Your Book that the ALL-TRUTHFUL did 
Not Create ALLAH. Love and Regards are to You from Us, from You to Us, Dear Mevlana. 

MECHANISM 



997 



8 - 8 - 1992 

IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 
(It is Answer to the chains of Thought) 

Our Friends, 

The Initial Existence is, in fact, the First Potential which had been formed during 
the processes of Time in the Tranquillity of the Silences. By this Potential, the Evolution 
of the initial Energy had been rendered effective. 

Crude Matter had been formed as a result of the Compression by a great Pressure 
of the Energy which condensed later. 

