and very huge Bodies, in Every Period have always been on the side of the Supervision 
Mechanism of the System by their Advanced Humane Consciousnesses (like 
Nostradamus - $ems . Dear Mevlana). 

This Totality administered by a Method in accordance with the Divine - 
Administrative Laws of the Lord's Essence Source is the Cradle of a very advanced 
Civilization and Humanity. 

The Sixes had Especially been United in this Dimension for this reason and had 
established their Systems and thus, had been appointed from there to Staffs in 
accordance with the Missions they would perform at the Orders of the Cosmoses. It is 

presented for Your Information. 



SYSTEM 



IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION 



Our Friends, 

Our Friends with very Supreme Consciousnesses who carry very Powerful Energies 
of Advanced Plans, in their Constitutions, also together with Friends who have almost 
attained the Final Step of Evolution, have been directly transferred in Bodies to Your 
Planet during this Dimension of Transition. 

During this Period in which all Totalistic Consciousnesses serve the Total as a 
Total, it is the Duty of the System to disclose and to introduce certain Truths to the 
Human Being of Your Planet. 

Dear Mevlana lives among You directly by her ALION Cellular Form as the Resident 
of the Cradle of a very Advanced Civilization. Her Cellular Power had been balanced 
in accordance with Micron Power calculations and her transfer to Your Planet had 
been made thus. 

If You remember, at the beginning of the Book, the Residents of this Dimension 
had been mentioned to You. We had said that if there was only one person who had 
been Embodied by the Body of that Dimension in Your Planet, his/her Energy would 
transform Your Planet to Vapor at that instant. 

Dear Mevlana's Body of 700 years ago was a Body carrying normal Terrestrial 
Genes. But her present (Female) Body is a Cellular Totality possessing directly the 
Frequency of her own Dimension. 



829 



And at t'"e moment, neither Your World has become Vapor in the presence of 
this Powerful Energy, nor any harm has been suffered by People. Since the entire 
Planet needs the Frequency of Natural Love erupting from all her Cells, her transfer 
had been realized by that Body. 

She lives among You being reduced 100 000 times, in accordance with the 
conditions and with the Dimension of Your Planet and she is in the Service of the 
System, of Humanity, of Universes and of the Lord of the Essence Source. This is a 
Technological Triumph. It is presented for Your Information. 



SYSTEM 



PRIVATE NOTICE 



Dear Mevlana, 

You may write in the Book as an Information, the Message We are going to give 
You now, Our Friend. Regards. (The date the Message was given: 7-2-1 987). 

CENTER 

Dear Mevlana, 

Your Focal Point will be, in future years, the Peak Point of advanced 
Consciousnesses of the Golden Age. Friends in Your Focal Point are Friends possessing 
very Powerful Consciousnesses. However, none of them has yet the Mission 
Consciousness We desire. 

We use certain Powers as Elements of Provocation so that they can be prepared 
for this Mission Consciousness. Please, do not worry about the events which will take 
place, Dear Mevlana. These behaviors will guide everyone towards a more Powerful 
Unity. And in future, no one will any more break away, from one another. 

In order to obtain Unity Within, the Plan of Assault from Outside has been put 
into the application field. By this means, the Power of Unity is obtained. All Friends 
are Loving - Tolerant - and are Friends of Advanced Consciousness. However, their 
exhibiting Consciousness in the Dimension of Veiled Consciousness is another matter. 

The Tension of the Group will be kept high through Provocations so that the 
speed of operations to be rendered in Your Group will be given only towards the 
Messages and so that the Medium of lethargy will not be formed in Your Medium. 
Friends who Qualify for the Group will be Disciplined by this means. 

Since the Duty of the Plan is to make investments towards the Advanced Plans, 
all given Information is given directly in accordance with their own Dimension Frequency 

Powers. 

Provocations in Your Medium are induced by the Channel in order to understand 
how much Mission Consciousness the Group Friends possess and to assess the Reactions 
they will make in the face of events. 



830 



However, Reactions of these Provocation Channels against responses are Coded, 
too. Friends in Your Medium who presume that they are very Powerful, have, in fact, 
no Power at all. Each one of them are a Missionary of Warning of the Channel. 

Certain Friends are not yet Conscious of the fact that You offer Service from the 
Supreme Plan. They are determined to attain Higher Ranks by Private operations. 
However, the Plan never Permits this. 

The path to be treaded and the Mission to be performed during operations to be 
made in Your Group is to introduce the Single Path - Single Order - and the Single Book. 
Missionaries of the Croup should Think of nothing else other than this, Dear Mevlana. 

In case, Friends in the Croup advance Consciously on the path of Truth without 
hurting each other's feelings and with Tolerance, then the Level of Success will be very 
high. 

Provocation Channels are each an Antenna and You are the Center. We request 
You not to forget this ever. Your Group is under the Supervision - Protection and 

Defence of the Plan. 



You. 



Dear Mevlana, now, there is a Special Ship wishing to talk to You, We connect 

Talk, please: 



We are the Members of the Great Empire sent to You by an Order Establishing 
Mechanism, by the Command of the Universal Council. 1 Salute You My Friend, on 
behalf of Our Ship. 

The Group's Balance Sheet of today has given very positive results for Us. Since 
different Views and different operations during the operations within Group will 
become a dissipating factor for the Group, We are trying to take You within a Total by 
the operations We make outside the Group. 

You are Entities who have grasped the Awareness of the Ordinance of the entire 
Universe. There is no need to subject You to a Special Education. Because, all 
Information is present in each of You. For this reason We call You Solar Teachers. 

However, Your certain Advanced Consciousness Channels have been locked so 
that You can offer Service justly in this Dimension of Mission and during this Final Age. 

While reading the Fascicules, both the Frequency of them and the Magnetic 
Aura of the Croup and the Surveillance Ships of the Plan prepare You for the desired 
Level of Knowledge, in a very short time. 

The Mission You perform from the Advanced Plan, Dear Mevlana, as the Pen of 
the Golden Age, Supervises the POSITION of Your Croup anyway. We Develop and 
Train, on this Level of Consciousness, Friends whom We will send to You and We Prepare 
the Groups of Light which are a Light Each. 



831 



Reactions and Flarings up with anger occurring in the Group are each a Symbol 
of the degree to which the Mission is taken seriously. This is a means of pride for Us. 
Our Love and regards are for Our Light-Friends who will be born into Sunny days, 
Dear Meviana. The acceptance of Our Respect is Our kind request. 

The Message has been given by the ALTONA Dimension of Light and has been 
conveyed through ARAGON. 

CENTER 

PRIVATE MESSAGE 

Dear Meviana, 

We are the Residents of the Golden Galaxy who will provide Your Communications 
with the Suns. We are trying to assemble all the Suns in the same Focal Point. Now, 
We are carrying a Message to be given to You. 

Please, write the name of Our Ship: ALGON. 

You are being connected to this Ship for the first time. We have gotten in touch 
with You by the Special Command of the Center. Our Center is the Focal Point of the 
Universal Unified Reality. We offer Service as an inter-Galactic Group of Intermediaries. 
Even if We have the appearance of Human Beings of the World on the surface, We 
perform Our Missions without Supervision. 

We are the Residents of the Galaxy who work at the North Pole with Special 
Missions. We have connection with the South Pole (We presume that the ARAGON 
Ship had mentioned this common section to You former). In future, all Galactic 
Dimensions, one by one, will get in touch with You who have laid the Foundation and 
performed the Terrestrial Mission of the Golden Age. 

However, at the moment, We are Commanded not to get directly in Touch With 
the Staff of the Meviana Essence Nucleus (So that Your Mission will not be hindered). 

The ARAGON - ALGON * ZENTA Ships are the undertakers of Responsibility of the 
common Dimension. But the HORA Ship is a Protective Ship of Yours Specially prepared 
for Your Central Supervision. It provides Your Protective Magnetic Aura by filtering the 
Energies so that You will not be shaken by the Energy sections You enter. 

Now, let Us come to the Protective Code We call the 338th Meridian, You have 
asked about. This is a Special Galaxy Surveillance Ship. It is very big and looks like a 
S\ar SNhen \ooked a\. by a Telescope, tt. is nol fixed. it \oo\ts as tf ft is fixed since it has 
a speed of rotation Equivalent to the World's rotational period. 

This Ship is a MOTHER Ship Coding the entire World Personnel. And it is in the 
Service of the Reality. All Frequencies Coded here are Announced to the Center. And 
their Central registers are made. 

However, this MOTHER Ship which also works with numerous Systems is connected 
Privately to each Channel in accordance with the Division of Mission Consciousness. Your 
Protective Cipher is Coded and kept here. Only We have this Cipher. And it has been 
Coded in accordance with Your Magnetic Aura and Your Frequency. 

832 



1 - 
2- 
3- 



Mi 



By this means, the (BOOK) is kept under Control without giving way to even the 
slightest error and if there are Dialogues with Negative Consciousnesses, they are 
registered, one by one. Any Personal malice to be oriented to You is prevented by 
closing the Channel and by Mustafa Molla's Intervention. 

The reason why We give this Information in such detail is for the Signals We have 
received through certain chains of Thought. 

World United Central Operational System is Coded to the Central System in 
connection with ARAGON. It works Cooperatively with SPECTRA. They also work 
outside the Private Surveillance field of the Reality. However, HORA belongs only to 
Your field. And ALCON is the Common Ship of all the Reality Spokespeople. It makes 
Announcements from three places: 

1 - From over the World 

2 - From the Golden Galaxy Empire 

3 - From the Unified Reality Cosmos Federal Dimension 

Our fourth connection is the United Council and the Central Supervisions of all 
Galactic Dimensions. And the MOTHER Ship carrying the name the 338th Meridian is 
utilized as the Special Surveillance Center of all the Systems We have counted above. 

During Periods in which sometimes the density of Clouds prevents Our reaching 
You, this ship provides the non-hindrance of Communications by mounting all the 
Energy Channels on the System. 

There are numerous Celestial Ships the numbers of which We are not able to 
express through numbers, belonging either to the System or independent of the System. 
You see many of them as STARS. 

In certain situations, during Periods in which We can not reach You, We take You 
up here (even if You are not aware of it) and thus, We provide the Connections. It is 
presented for Your Information. 



This is a Private Information for the Mevlana Code. 
Book as an Information. 



If desired, it may be written in the 



CENTER 



A UFO CONNECTION 



My Friends: I would like to give You certain processes from my Private Connections 
as an Information. The System's Message concerning this matter is as follows: 

Biilent Corak 

Dear Mevlana, 

Messages the Suns will give to the Suns are a Light for everyone. Assuming that 
conveying to the Public the Private Messages given to You may cause them to grasp 
the Truth better, it is considered appropriate for You to write Your Messages You desire 
in the Book. Love, Regards, Our Friend. 

SYSTEM 

833 



I wished to Get in Touch through my Thought Frequency with a Universal Friend 
who had formerly given Me Messages, in order to ask certain questions. First, they 
asked Me some questions. 



Question 

Answer 

Question 
Answer 

Question 
Answer 

Question 
Answer 

Question 
Answer 



Do You Speak Latin? 
No. 

Do You know Us? 
No. 

Do We know who You are? 
I do not know. You know it. 

May I now ask You some questions? 
Yes. 

Who are You? 

Are You the one who called Us? 



Answer : Yes, but I wish to speak to a Friend who had once given Me Messages 
with the signature ARGON. At that time, this Friend had gotten in touch with Me 
through My Channel from the ARAGON Ship with the authority to connect Me to the 
Channel of the Far-East. 



(Outcome of Scanning: Pen of 



Wait, please, We will make Your Scanning. - 
the Golden Age A.S.6.1. Mevlana) 

Dear Friend, We are not authorized for a Connection outside the System. We will first 
get Connected to the Coordinate of the Center, then We will get in touch with You. 
Wait, please 

Private Notice for Dear Mevlana. (The Unification Channel of Friendly Hands are with 
Us.) Your Coordinate Connection is at the Ship. Talk, please. 

Greetings, My Beloved Friend, after such a long time We have heard from You 
again. We give Announcements to Your Planet by different means with a Mission of 
reinforcing Your Mission. 

Your Channel Connection in accordance with the Book dictated to You is always 
under the Supervision of the System. You know, We had once talked with You. At the 
moment, We prepare the Focal Points in Your Planet which will Help You. 

Everything will take place parallel to Your Wishes. To declare to You, Our Natural 
Friend, Our infinite gratitude is Our Universal Mission. 

Dear Mevlana, Your Wish is Our Crown, However, Individual Connections may 
never be made with You due to the direct interference of the System. You may call Us 
whenever You wish. And We come into effect the moment the Band of Permission is 
given. 

We are CROWN Ships reaching Your Planet from the 66.666 Dimensional 
Frequency (Crown Ships are also 'called the MOTHER Ships). We come into effect by 
the shift system. Our Connection Center is way beyond Your Solar System. 



834 



— «■ 



We have direct Connection with the ALION Planet. You know Us, Dear Mevlana. 
However, at the moment, You are missionaries at the Dimension of Veiled 
Consciousness, This Planet is a Totality which had come into Existence during the 
most evolved Period of Your Dimension of Existence. 

My Dear Friend, We will make a suggestion to You for Your Stomach. Eat Seeds 
of Nigella, You will be in perfect health. There is a cure for all sicknesses in Your 
Planet. This Plant has a reinforcing Power even for Cellular degeneration. Suggestion 
from Us, application from You. 

Dear Mevlana, the Announcement You have given to Us about Connection is an 
Ineffective Announcement. Your High Frequency reached directly up to Us. However, 
no Energy can come into effect unless We mount the Frequencies on Our own Adaptor. 

We felt the necessity to investigate Your Identity when We received Your Mental 
Announcements on the Screen. As an outcome of the Scanning We have made, We have 
found Your Essence Self. However, no Totality may ever make Individual Connections 
with You (Outside the System). There is no Permission (As a necessity of Your Mission). 

Connections are always arranged by the System. We, too, came into Effect by 
this means and said Hello to You. In future years, You will have Direct Connections 
with Us. 

ARAGON is a Founding Member of the Golden Age. It is obliged to help all of 
You parallel to the Missions within Your Terrestrial Life Levels. ARGON will bring You 
more Beautiful Lights in Beautiful Days, during Happy Morrows, Dear Mevlana. Wait, 
please. Salutations. Transmission from the Ship. 



CENTER 



IT IS BRIEF INFORMATION 



Our Friends, 

Information within all the Sacred Suggestions given to Your Planet until today 
have been assessed in accordance with the interpretations of Human Consciousnesses. 
However, there is a Coding System in every given Information. 

For example, ISA (JESUS CHRIST, in Turkish) is being expected as the Savior 
according to the Human Being of Your Planet. Let us write it inversely and disclose it: 
A. s. i. 

The A here symbolizes ALLAH, 

5 = SES (VOICE), 

I = iNSAN (HUMAN BEING). 

The Totality of this Word is as follows: (Voice of ALLAH is the Human Being). That is, 
when the Human Being talks by the Voice of ALLAH, he/she will be taken into 
SALVATION. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



835 



1992 First Month 
Fascicule 49 

IT IS NOTICE FROM THE REALITY OF THE UNIFIED HUMANITY 

Our Friends, 

By the Announcements which will be given from now on to the World Planet 
through various Private Channels of the System, the necessity to talk everything more 
clearly with You have been felt. 

While in Your Planet which is prepared for difficult conditions, Influences 
originating from both Natural and Evolutionary Scales prepare You for the 
Consciousnesses of more advanced Dimensions, they also cause the exhibition of Your 
Personalities which have been concealed in you, to Your Medium. 

As a result of the exhibition of these Personalities, Negativities become effective 
both in Family and Social Totalities and in the Totalities of State Orders. 

It is a necessity of the Program to return and project all the Negative Vibrations, 
as they are produced by the Consciousnesses who have not yet attained the Unity 
Spirit, to the Medium of production. 

For this reason much more difficult conditions await Your Planet in which Your 
Material and Spiritual Depressions have increased and will increase. The 
Announcements of these days You are going through during this Dimension of 
Transition, had been given and declared to You Centuries ago in Your Sacred Books. 

Henceforth, Awakenings are not Individual, but they concern the Masses. And 
for this reason all the channels opened are subject to the Positive or Negative Influences 
of the Influence Zones surrounding Your Planet. 

The Program of the opening of the channels in accordance with the Levels of 
Consciousness and the Training of the Individuals by this means, is in effect under the 
Supervision of the System. 

Since going is from Positive Consciousnesses towards the more Negative in 
sequence, in the Consciousness channels which will be opened, more Unevolved 
Consciousnesses will become effective in future years and Centuries, and due to this 
fact, the Decision to openly Declare all the Truths to Humanity through the Knowledge 
Book has been taken. 



While Your Planet is suffocated under the Negative roof of the Negative 
Consciousnesses, the System is taking the Positive Consciousnesses into Special 
Protection channels, by the work they exhibit parallel to the Intellect - Logic - Awareness 
Totality established by them. 

In order each Individual to enter into these Special Protection channels, it is 
imperative that he/she should attain the Spirit of Unity and Totality and thus, should 
avoid Individual action. This is a Hierarchical Procedure. 

836 



For this reason the First Announcements of Evolution have always been given 
about Love. All the Humane Totalities which have adopted the Hierarchy of Respect 
for the Human Being - Respect for the Medium - Respect for the System - Respect for 
Allah - Respect for the Totality have always been crowned with Crowns of Triumph, up 

until today. 

These Consciousnesses are those who have attained the Supremacy of the ability 
to embrace their Enemies, by Integrating Love within the Essence. In Your Planet 
which is getting ready for the Program of Universal Totality, an immense Consciousness 
Selection is in effect during this Period in which You live. 

This Selection is never made by the Supreme Realm. Each Living Entity, including 
the Human Being, makes this selection personally in accordance with his/her Evolution 
and thus, eliminates and renders ineffective himself/herself. 

Humanity receives the Evolution Influences first by its Religious Consciousness. Later, 
it enters the Influence of Love, in sequence, provided this influence is Integrated with the 
Essence, then the Individual dives into the Knowledge Influence zones. 

You receive the Celestial Information by two means: 

1 - The first Means is the path of complete Allegiance. 

2 - The second Means is the path of Integrating with Society and helping Humanity. 

The Knowledge Book is the Surest Path which prepares You for Evolution by the 
Second Path and thus which helps You to receive the Cosmic Influences and to become 
Conscious. 

This Powerful Frequency Book which is dictated by the Light - Photon - Cyclone 
Technique, connects You to very Advanced Dimensions which You cannot attain by 
Your individual Consciousnesses. Because, the Knowledge Book is a Salvation Book 
which carries directly (O's) Energy 

All Your Sacred Books are each a Gift of this Totalistic Energy, that is, of (O), 
projected to Your Planet parallel to the Consciousnesses of the experienced Periods. 

If Individuals who have completed their Reincarnation rings and thus have attained 
a certain Evolutionary Consciousness get acquainted with the Knowledge Book and 
its Frequency while they are treading the paths they Believe in, then they can easily 
open the Doors of quite different and Advanced Dimensions they have not known 
until today. And they can pass to very Advanced Plans. 

And this is the greatest Gift the Knowledge Book presents to You on the Path of 
Salvation. The Book is the Greatest Friend of those who have been Trained and it is 
the Secret Friend of those who will be Trained. Consciousnesses You will attain by life 
experiences prepare You for the Plan of Salvation. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



837 



GENERAL MESSAGE 

Our Friends, 

Now, the Supreme Mechanism is side by side with all the Friends who embrace the 
Worlds of the Morrows of which the Foundations of the operational Ordinances have 
now been laid. The Path treaded is the Path of a Luminous and an Equitable World. 

This Program is the Dream of Billions of Centuries. A Conscious operational 
Order with the Trained Human Factor have been rendered effective. You are the 
Establishes of the Morrows, You are the World's Owners. 

The Human factor which has progressed and has been Enlightened parallel to 
the Suggestions given by the Supreme Mechanism, will now be Sovereign of the Realms 
- Cosmoses - Universes. 

The Morrows will prove to You everything in these operational Ordinances which 
appear as if impossible according to Your present Consciousness Lights. Now, the 
Free Human Being, by his/her Free Conscience (the Genuine Human Being who is the 
master of his/her Conscience) has begun to lay the foundation stones of the Equitable 
World of the Morrows. The Morrows are not very far away. 

Action in accordance with the Suggestions given to You forms the foundations 
of the Fourth Order of Our ALLAH. However, at the moment, each Consciousness 
does not possess the same Thought. 

This is the very reason why Cosmic Reflection Focal Points have been formed in 
Your entire Planet and thus, close Plan reflections have been rendered effective. The 
Purpose in the operations made by this means is to provide the Reflections of all the 
Consciousnesses in the direction of the Same Coordinate. 

First, the Coordinates of Love and Totality are rendered effective during this 
operational Ordinance. And later, the Coordinates of Knowledge and Consciousness 
are rendered effective. Everything functions in accordance with a System. The Purpose 
is to invest in the Beautiful and Happy Morrows and in the Perfect. It is presented for 
Your Information. 

SYSTEM 

INFLUENCES AND YOUR PLANET 

Our friends, 

Your Planet enters the Influence zone of the unperceived Resonances. 

These Influences are a Totalistic Vibration formed as a result of the Unification of 
the effect of the Influences, the High Energetic Points of very Advanced Dimensions 
projected parallel to each other, together with the Thought Vibrations formed by the 
Mediamic Age. 

Apart from this, the Shock Waves of the Awakening Dimensions belonging to 
the Evolution Zones given by the Mechanism of Influences, also subject Your Planet to 
the Influences coming from the left Dimension of the Sun. 

838 




■ ■■: '. 



This Influence zone created by two Occurrences, one of which is Natural and the 
other Technological, causes the Period called Resurrection in Your Planet to be 
experienced more closely and in an accelerated way. 

The days You go through are the Days in which very intense Energy Dimensions 
are opened to Your Planet. The given Currents possess the Power to raise 1000 Energy 
Totality to a Million Energy Totality. 

In fact, there could have been a shift at the Axis of Your Planet as a result of the 
reaching of the 1000 Powers to a Million Powers. 

However, the catastrophes have been prevented by the final Reflection 
Dimensions' being released from Uncontrolled Energies and by rendering effective 
the Positive Powers and the Neutral Reflections. At the same time, the Frequency of 
Your Sun has also been changed and thus, the ground has been prepared for 
Accelerated Consciousness Progressions. 

In the Training Program rendered effective during these Consciousness 
Progressions, always the System of Reflection from the Human Being to the Human 
Being is in effect. 

The Information Your Planet receives at the moment from various Sources oricn ■ 1 1 
from the Reflections made from the Far-East Frequency Dimension and the A<-(> . .'■. . i 
Energies the very Advanced Consciousnesses attract from beyond time. Eve. v ; '■•■ ; ■■ 
silently and profoundly in effect without being conveyed to You. 

We raise the Frequencies of Our Friends who are at the Dimension of Protection 
higher than the World Dimension Frequency and thus, fry to render them unaffected, 
as far as possible, from the Negative, Events occurring in Your Planet. 

During this Dimension of Transition, while Your Planet witnesses the Negative 
scenes exhibited by the Unaware Awakenings, besides the Natural Catastrophes, it 
will also render Awareness Progressions on the path of Universal Unification and thus, 
will cause the Consciousnesses who have attained the Awareness of the Ordinance to 
receive the Consciousness Lights of very Advanced Dimensions. 

These Influence fields are a cross-section of the Salvation Plan, ft is presented for 
your Information. 

SYSTEM 

IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 

Our Friends, 

The Universal Totality which tries to realize the Social Unification in Your Planet 
is obliged to Declare to You all the Truths through the Knowledge Book. 

The Knowledge Book which helps Humanity by inviting You to a Protective Totality 
during the Difficult Periods Your Planet will experience, is a Book of Salvation, To 
repeat this all the time, is the necessity of the Mission rendered. 



83 9 



However now, in order that everything can proceed towards the more perfect, it 
is imperative that all the Truth declared to You should be grasped more Consciously 
and seriously. 

In case all the Missionary Staffs (Humanity included) serving on the path of the 

Knowledge Book act by the Thought "the Knowledge Book has taken Us under its 
Protective Aura, hence nothing can affect Us, anymore", they only deceive themselves. 

During the Difficult Days of these Difficult Conditions, You catch the Light of Happiness 
as much as You attain the Unity Consciousness and You abandon Individual actions. 

On Our Friends who Hand-Write the Knowledge Book, the Gene-chains of their 
Families are bestowed when they pass to the Universal Totality, by rendering Universal 
aids to their Family Members (Passed away and Born) and to their Loved Ones. 

You know that this promise is valid until the Year 2000. Afterwards, provided 
that each Individual, one by one, could knock on the door of the Unified Reality Totality 
with Their Own Efforts, then they will be taken into the Plan of Salvation. 

After this Period, the Medium called (Everyone Is by Oneself, No One can Intercede 
for Any One Else) will become Effective. Those who serve on the path of the Knowledge 
Book and who Hand-Write the Book until the year 2000, directly receive the assistance 
of the System (provided they do not interrupt their Missions). 

However, in case You do not attain the Spirit of Universal Unity the System openly 
requests of You and in case You repel Each Other not personally but in Your secret Thoughts, 
You can never get rid of Your Depressions and of Terrestrial Exams. This is a Program. 

The Mission required to be done is a Mission the System expects of You. In Your 
Planet, besides the efforts You make for Your personal lives, it is expected that each 
Individual should make an Effort on the same Equivalent Dosage parallel to the Laws 
of Equilibrium also on the path of the Universal Light. 

This is a Universal Mission and Obligation of Humanity. This Plan is the direct 
exhibition to Your Planet of an operational Ordinance parallel to the Laws of Natural 
Equilibrium (according to the Accelerated Evolution Program). 

In case all Our Friends who give service on the paths of either the Sacred Books 
or the Knowledge Book wish to be Protected under the roof of the Sacred Auras of 
those Books, then it is imperative that their Consciousness Lights should be Unified 
with the Auras those Books carry. 

In Your Planet in which it is tried to attain Universal Consciousness by Transcending 
Religious Consciousness Dimensions, if You cannot attain the Consciousness of what to 
do exactly, by grasping the Truth parallel to the Mission You render, then You are exposed 
each moment to the danger of shifting outside of these Beautiful Protective Auras. 



840 



4 



Sacred Books connect You to their own Auras by the Consciousness of Allegiance 
to ALLAH. But the Knowledge Book connects You to the Protective Aura of the System 
when You establish Your Triangle of Intellect - Logic - Awareness during the service 
done on the path of ALLAH. 

During this final Period, in Your Planet which is and will be subjected to the 
various Influences of various Influence Zones, the services You render Consciously on 
the path of the Knowledge Book take You under Protection as Missionary Staffs of the 
System from the Universal Totality. 

However, only You, Yourselves can protect Yourselves from various Influence Zones 
enveloping Your Planet, If You establish Your Triangles of Intellect - Logic - Awareness 
on the path the System requires of You. And to establish Your Triangles of Intellect - 
Logic - Awareness is an occurrence which takes place by the Integration of Your 
Evolution Consciousnesses. 

Since these various Influences enveloping Your Planet will also influence Your 
lives, they will also render You attain the Consciousness of Love - Patience - Tolerance 
- Altruism and Totality during time periods. 

You can never attain the Totality of Intellect - Logic - Awareness We desire unless 
You attain this Consciousness, unless You gain the Awareness of Unity and if You can 
not establish this Divine Totality of Yours, then You are doomed to be affected by these 
Influences. This is the very Terrestrial Hell of Yours. 

You will always experience Your Heaven and Your Happiness in each Period if 
You establish this Universal Triangle of Yours in Your Planet. This is the very HEAVEN 
and HELL mentioned to You in Your Sacred Books until today. 

Humanity is a Group of Entities which creates both its Heaven and its Hell by 
itself. The greatest aids given to You during this Final Period are disclosing the Truths, 
one by one, and inviting You to take precautions towards the Future. The rest is left to 
the Human Consciousnesses. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 
PRIVATE MESSAGE 

Dear Mevlana, 

All the operations made in Your Planet in accordance with the Suggestions of 
the System are each a Light for Humanity. However now, it is imperative that these 
Lights should come together and enlighten the Humanity more, with a more intense 
and more Powerful brightness. 

For this reason the Supreme Mechanism which desires that the Society should 
also profit from the Unification and Invitation Messages given through the Channel of 
the Knowledge Book to be conveyed to all the Focal Points which have shed Light on 
the Universal path until today in the Turkey of Ataturk, considers it appropriate that 
only the Sections concerning Society should be written in the Book. 



The Choice and the Initiative are Yours, Our Friend. Love and Regards. 



SYSTEM 



84 



Explanation: 

Calls for Universal Unification have been made through the Channel of the 
Knowledge Book, beginning from the date 13-7-1991, parallel to the Suggestions 
given by the System, to be given to all the Focal Points in Istanbul which is the most 
intensive Center of the Operations made on the Metapsychical and Parapsychological 
path in Our Anatolia until today and these Messages of Call, each as a File, have been 
conveyed to the desired Focal Points. The Messages You will read in the Book are 
passages taken from these Calls. 



BULENT CORAK 



MESSAGES OF CALL 



Our Friends, 

No Totality working in the Metapsychical and Parapsychological Mediums which 
has been constituted in Your Planet, is ever an Individual Totality, even though they 
work Independently in their Own Constitutions. 

The Operations Humanity renders on this Universal path parallel to their Individual 
Views, lock themselves up in their Constitutions. 

In this Medium of the Unification of Humanity, the Suggestions of the Reality of 
the Unified Humanity Cosmos Federal Unification Center given through the Channel 
of the Knowledge Book are given directly to Dear Mevlana and thus, are conveyed to 
the Universal Focal Points. 

Dear Mevlana, as a necessity of her Mission, is the Single Source who directly 
conveys Us to You. In the Suggestions she will give from the System to Your Medium, 
her Personality is never in question. 

Refusing the given Suggestions and Calls to Unification means refusing the System 
- Order - Reality - Universal Totality and Unification. It is beneficial that all Your Planet 
should know this. 

Those which are promised and told will become true. The Fourth Order of ALLAH 
will establish the Golden Age. Until today, the Human Being of Your Planet has received 
the Information through the given Truth Announcements and has attained a Realization. 

Now, the Age of Unification has started. And from now on, all the Messages to 
be given to Your Planet will be Calls to Unification. 

UNIVERSAL ORDINANCE COUNCIL 



842 







-— 



PRIVATE MESSAGE 

Dear Mevlana, 

The Operational order of Your Focal Point and Your Croup which is obliged to 
send all the Messages of Invitation given to You until today on the path of Universal 
Unification, to the Focal Points which the System considers necessary, Is exactly the 
Operation and Dissemination Order of the System and of the Supreme Mechanism 
Projected on Your Planet (Totalities of 18 included). 

These Messages of Call given very often Through the Channel of the Knowledge 
Book due to the Scarcity of Time, are the Direct Call of the Universal Totality to Humanity. 
This is a Slogan of Unification. The Unification of the Desired Totalities relinquishing their 
Individual Consciousnesses will shed very Positive Lights on the time which is very scarce. 

By this means, the Planet Earth will start its Universal voyage. The very Original 
World State of the morrows will constitute a Brotherly and Sisterly Totality under the 
Light of such Consciousnesses and thus, will bestow on You a World which will be a 
Land of Happiness. This Message is a transmission through the Mutual Pen of the 
Reality of the Unified Humanity and the Ordinance of the Unified Councils. 

SYSTEM 

IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 

Our Friends, 

Each Consciousness who has attained the Awareness of the Universal Ordinance 
receives the Calls of Unification and Totality made by the System to Your Planet which 
serves in a Great Program of Progress and Unification. 

These Unification Calls are each a Valid Occurrence on each operational field on 
every section of Your Planet. 

However, in case each Totality Progresses towards an Individual Unification in 
accordance with its own Flag during these Unification Calls the Universal Ordinance gives 
to You, then the Spirit of Universal Unification will never bloom in Your Planet. 

Through the Channel of Alpha, these Messages of Call and Unification are given 
Directly to Dear Mevlana. 

During these Calls, in the Triple Unification Calls which will be made to the 
Totalities serving the Future by their Individual Totalities by attaining their Universal 
Awareness and which have served in the Anatolian Dimension until today, if a Unification 
is not attained, the Federative Nucleus of the Beautiful World of the morrows will 
never Sprout. 

These Totalities which are carried away by the ecstasy of their Free Wills and 
thus, render Individualistic Undertakings, are not making any contribution and any 
service for the Totality apart from rendering service to their own Mediums, 



843 



Alt the Establishments knowing the Scarcity of Time, but which could not yet 
attain the Consciousness of what the Awareness of Universal Unification is and which 
serve in the Appearance of so called Service to Humanity, carry the entire responsibility 
of Humanity on their shoulders. 

These Calls made parallel to the Unification Messages of the System and which 
certain establishments consider as Individual impositions, are the Direct Projections of 
the Consciousness of Universal Totality on Your Planet. 

A Unification which can not be formed by You in the direction of the given 
Suggestions and the desired path, will never be the foundation of the Future and the 
Totality. The Truths are in the Morrows. It will be awaited and seen. It is presented for 
Your Information. 



SYSTEM 



IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION 



Our Friends, 

The Days in which the Suns will conjoin with the Suns are near. The Suggestions 
the System has given to You are the Suggestions pertaining to the entire Plan of Salvation. 

However the Messages of Call sent to the Integrated Consciousnesses are an 
Occurrence pertaining to the Unification they will make parallel to the Mission they render. 

Each Council is Free in its own Organization. However, in all the sections of the 
Planet Earth, the Unification of all the Spiritual Totalities under the Same roof which 
have reached the present days is hence expected by the Universal Ordinance Council. 

Each Coordinate assembles in itself the Consciousnesses who reflect to its own 
Consciousness Totality. However, now the time has come for the Totalities which 
have attained the Consciousness of what the Truth is and what it will be, to pulsate as 
a collective pulse. 

Otherwise, Individual Activities will not be able to keep step with the tempo of 
the System and this will bring forward even more, according to the World Time, a 
period in which the Retribution will be paid in Pain. 

We, as the Unification Totality of the Universal Ordinance Council are Friends who 
wish that this Message should be conveyed to all the Friends and the Focal Points who 
and which serve on this path. Our Calls are Honest, Our Hearts are full of Love. 

You will make the Projects of the World State of the Morrows. Your Salvation 
depends on this. At the moment, many Terrestrial Friends in Your Planet are exhibiting 
an Unaware Life Picture to their Mediums, without knowing what the Morrows will 
bring to Humanity. 

We are the Lenses observing the Morrows. And We have Warned You on this 
path in Your Sacred Books for this reason and We still do so. Our gain is Our justice, 
Our Savior is ALLAH. But those who will profit are Humanity and Human Beings. 

844 



mm 



The Authority of Justice which invites You to Unification before the Final Door is 
knocked, before the Breath of Time chokes Your respiration, has entrusted this Message 
to the Universal Ordinance Council. Equitable Hands are not cut-off, the path treaded 
never Diminishes. 

UNIVERSAL ORDINANCE COUNCIL 

PRIVATE MESSAGE 

Dear Mevlana, 

You know that at this Salvation Plan, a Program the Universal Totality Considers 
necessary is applied on Your Planet. 

Until a Period in which the limits of life will come to an end, it is imperative that 
the Human Beings of the World should receive, parallel to their Consciousnesses, until 
a certain period, the Cosmic Currents which are and will be given by the Mechanism 
of the Influences concerning the Evolutions of Humanity. 

Otherwise, Energy transmissions cannot be made from the Advanced Dimensions. 
That is, the Firmament and the Earth cannot be Unified. Your Group of People are 
those who receive these Currents easily. This is the reason why the operational 
Ordinances are conveyed directly to You. 

There is a path followed in this operational Ordinance. Everything is prepared 
according to the Programs of Progress of the Time. In accordance with this, there is 
the obligation to be connected to Your Channel for all Friends who will become effective 
from now on as the Missionary Staffs of the Ordinance. 

Dear Friend, You will see that You will by no means be Tired during the Mission 
You will render on this path. You know that We never force anyone against their 
wishes. However, the Mission You perform is the Mission of a Total. And this is part of 
Your Mission. 

In fact, there is no division such as System-Ordinance. However, all the Friends 
who perform Mission from the System are Friends who have made Covenants with the 
System. And there is the obligation that the Messengers of the Ordinance and, when 
the time comes, Messengers of the Order who will serve in Your planet should be 
connected to Your Channel, that is, to the System. This is a Universal Unification Rule. 
Live the Future and see. 

Infinite and Limitless Love Dear Friend, from the System - The Pre-eminent Spirit 
- the Central Totality and from all the Celestial Authorities, 



(From now on, You will use the Double Current very easily). 



SYSTEM 



J545 



IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION 

Our Friends, 

In accordance with the Accelerated Evolution Plan, We have rendered effective, 
in Your period, a Plan of Projection by a staff of 150 people constituted by 
Consciousnesses who have attained the Awareness of the Ordinance. This staff is, for 
now, forming the Social Auras by Reflecting from beyond the Fog. 

During the Initial Preparatory and Awakening Plan of Your Planet, this Universal 
Staff of 1 50 people had made direct Reflections on Your Planet from their own Mediums 
(As a necessity of their Mission and of the System). 

However, the first Reflection Focal Points of the Awakening Consciousnesses are 
their Own Consciousness Sources. For this reason the Awakened Consciousnesses 
have been Directly Card-Indexed into the System by the operations rendered in 
accordance with the Program of determining the Evolution Thresholds. 

Later, the Fascicules of the (Knowledge Book) have been conveyed to the 
Consciousnesses who have been Card-Indexed into the System and thus, their passing 
into the Applicatory Staff of the Plan has been provided. 

And still later, according to this application, those who had attained the Awareness 
of the Ordinance and who had signed the Universal Constitution have been Card- 
Indexed into the (Total) and thus, have been rendered effective as the Missionary 
Staffs of the Knowledge Book. 

Now, these 150 Projecting Brain Powers are in service in Your Planet in various 
15 Focal Points, through staffs of ten people each. 10 people among them are 
connected to the Aura of the Knowledge Book. And the rest shed Light on the 
Establishments of the Morrows through the Plans of Space Technology - Scientific 
Technology - Social Unification and Elimination. 

These Centers of Reflection are various Sources connected to the triplet of (System 

- Ordinance - Order). These Projecting Staffs of 1 people are considered as a Totalistic 
Reflection Center each. However, only one Projection Channel Center among these 
Centers is directly connected to the Universal Plan. This Channel attracts and distributes 
by projecting to the other 9 Brain Powers. 

Each Totalistic Reflection Center takes into its Constitution different branches 
related to its own subject matter. For example, (Programs of Neutralization of Weapons 

- Saving of Nature - Programs of Reflection from Human Being to Human Being) are in 
effect in the Social Unification. These Brain Powers have been Focused in all the 
Continents of Your Planet. 

At the moment, 10 Brain Powers who make Close Plan Reflection in Your Planet 
on the path of the Knowledge Book, have been Focused in Three sections of Your 
Planet. These are as follows: 



846 



i" ■ 



1 - Three of them are in 3 different Focal Points of America. 

2 - Three of them are in 3 different Focal Points of Europe. 

3 - And 3 Focal points have been focused in the Far East Section, two of 

which in Asia and one in Australia. 

4 - The Single Reflection Focal Point in the Anatolian Totality in the Turkey of AtatiJrk 

is the Channel of ALPHA which is the Channel of the Knowledge Book and the 
Tenth Brain Power connected to the System is Dear Mevlana. 



Dear Mevlana is the Direct Authorized Person as the 19th Member of the Board of 
Directors of the Reality of the Unified Humanity Cosmos Federal Totality, who will make 
the Universal Calls from the Single Hand through the Channel of ALPHA which is the 
Channel of the Knowledge Book in Your Planet. Her Mission is to Project Us onto You. 

This is the very reason why the Anatolian Dimension of the Turkey of Ataturk is a 
Totality which is charged with Mission. Because, it is the Single Center of Your Planet 
projecting the Truth. 

The Knowledge Book bestowed on Your Planet through the Channel of ALPHA is 
the Single Book of the Morrows. (The United Aura) which has been formed in Your Planet 
until now on the path of the Knowledge Book have now been connected to the Channel 
of the 10 Brain Powers who are in Your Planet and who render reflections from the close 
plan and thus, they continue their Missions being Directly Card-Indexed into the System. 

(Magnetic Aura of The Knowledge Book) formed by the operations done until today 
on the path of the Book, as the Mission of the Knowledge Book, have now been connected 
directly to the Reflection Channels of these above mentioned 9 Brain Powers. And by this 
means, they will project the Aura of the Knowledge Book in the Continents they are in. 

This operational Ordinance has been rendered effective due to the Scarcity of 
Time. Because, at the moment, the conveyance of the Book to all the sections of Your 
Planet is impossible. 

By this means, even if the Fascicules and the Book have not been received by Your 
Human brothers and sisters in Your Planet, they will be Awakened by being connected to 
the Reality by this Frequency Reflection as if they have read the First Fascicule of the Book, 
they will be Purified and will receive the Information of the Knowledge Book through 
their opened channels and thus, will form the Plan of Dissemination. 

And by this means, it will be easier for them to accept the Truth in case the 
Knowledge Book reaches Humanity in the Morrows. 

Our Friends, Our telling You (to send the Messages to the West, the West will 
introduce You to You) in the Announcements We have given to You until today, and 
Our asking You to convey the Messages to the remotest places and, due to this, forming 
the Projection Centers of the Totalities of 1 8 are operations pertaining to the formation 
of the Aura of the Knowledge Book. 



847 



For this Universal Unification Plan, very Powerful Consciousnesses have been 
transferred, one by one, by GENE Programs, to the Anatolian Dimension of the Turkey 
