the Order of the LORD, comes into effect. 

The Universal Ordinance Council is a Totality to which all the Galaxy Totalities 
are connected. And the United Ordinance Council is the Totalities which render effective 
the Unification Programs within the Totalistic Ordinance. In the United Ordinance, 
Unification Programs beyond Galaxies are in effect. 

However, due to the Operations made on the path of the Knowledge Book, 
Both these Totalities work one inside the other at the moment. The expression 
Unification Totality is used for the entire Operational Ordinance of the Reality Totality. 
And this Totality corresponds to the Reality of the Unified Humanity. 

The United Programs are directed from the Evolutionary Scales. But the Unification 
Programs are connected to the Reality. At the Reality Totality, Reflection Programs are 
in effect. In the other Totalities, Programs of being Trained are in effect. 

Both of the Totalities are connected to the Staff of the GURZ. One of them Trains, 
the other Conveys. There is a Council of Ordinance - of Order and of System to which 
each Mini Atomic Whole is connected in accordance with its Evolutionary Levels. 

However, that which Administers the entire Totality is the Direct System of the 
LORD. And this System is a Totalistic Mechanism which acts completely in connection 
with the ALL-MERCIFUL and it is called THE SYSTEM. This is the very System mentioned 
in the Knowledge Book. It is presented for Your Information, 

REALITY 



1037 



23-4- 1993 



IT IS PRIVATE MESSAGE TO INTEGRATED HEARTS 



Our Friends, 

The entire Cosmos is the Reflection of a Total. For this reason the Programs of 
Reflection from Person to Person are always in effect. All Factors of Awareness make 
Reflections parallel to their Thoughts like a Dynamo. Togethernesses occur with 
Reflections who answer to these Projections. 

However, these Coordinate Reflections are not Everlasting. This has been rendered 
effective as a System. Humanity settles on a Consciousness by following these 
Reflections and Merges in its Genuine Being. Only afterwards it is taken into contact 
with more Advanced Dimensions. 

For this reason Religious Frequencies have been rendered effective in order to be 
able to take the Magnetic Aura of a Person within a Protective Medium. And Pre- 
eminent Ones who connect their Energy wires to these Frequencies from each 
Dimension (in accordance with their Levels of Consciousness) are awaiting in effect. 
Prayers are the Cipher Keys of each Dimension separately. 

From whichever Dimension's Power You receive enlightenment, that Dimension 
helps You and Your Thoughts in return for the Service You have made. And it renders 
everything Permissible for You on that path. Human Beings call these Assisting Powers 
|INNs. The Duty of these Assisting Powers is to adapt You to that Dimension. 

However, if an Entity likes the Frequency of that Dimension he/she has entered 
and does not wish to get out of that Aura, the Phenomenon You call OBSESSION 
occurs and the Fault here does not belong to that Dimension, but to the Entity in 
question. In such a situation, the authority to use that Entity in various ways is given 
to the Powers in that Dimension (Until that Entity grasps the Truth). 

Assisting Powers on this path are sent to that Entity from more Advanced 
Dimensions. The Goal is to provide his/her exit from the Magnetic Aura he/she is in 
by his/her own Power. Otherwise, he/she is doomed to remain in that Dimensional 
Frequency without ever utilizing the circuits of Intellect - Logic - Awareness. 

The Intellect such persons use is not their own Intellect. They are the reflections 
they receive from the Dimension they are connected to. These people always run 
away from Society. They prefer to be by themselves, or they wish to share their loneliness 
with people who suit their Coordinates. On this path, they do everything like a Pawn 
the Dimension in which they are present desires. 

And they are used as a bait and are induced to Pester Entities whose personalities 
are weak. By this means, they, too, are connected to the Aura of that Dimension. 
People who are released from the Aura of this Dimension are taken into the next 
upper Dimension. This is a Program. 

The situation called JINN means to Deserve the Help of a Dimension. However, 
these Dimensions serve completely in accordance with the Religious Suggestions. 
Prayers are Keys which connect You to these Dimensions. 

1038 




^w 



II I H IIffii p BP Bu p pflim wu n ■ am- 




The Brain Power of a Person becomes effective only when one passes these Steps 
and becomes connected to the Direct GODLY Aura and this is rendered for the Coding 
and the Selection of the Thoughts of that Human Being. 

The very AWAKENING is this. Drowsy Consciousnesses who still have not been 
able to get out of the Religious Aura yet are trying to attract People to the paths they 
presume to be Right in accordance with their own Consciousnesses, by the Cosmic 
Stimulations they receive during this Final Age and this is the very Chaos of the Age 
which is lived in. 

For this reason in the Universal Totality this Medium which is experienced in 
Your Planet is also called the "Dimension of Obsession". 

In case a Person cannot find his/her Genuine Dimension, any Dimension can 
take him/her under its Domination and uses him/her as a Pawn. These being Made 
use of are detected rather in those who were not able to get out of the Magnetic 
Fields of the Religious Auras. 

Each Prayer has a Protective Magnetic Field to which it is connected. However, 
an Entity is obliged to remain in that Magnetic Field for the duration of a predetermined 
Time Segment. 

Otherwise, this Protective Aura is removed and that Entity is left to the Influence 
Fields of different Dimensions and this is an Occurrence made for rendering that person 
Conscious. At this very Stage, that Entity is used as a Pawn by taking into effect deeds 
and actions Unconsciously. 

Such People never belong to themselves. These Entities who can not use their 

Will Powers yet, are used in various ways. 

The saying, to be connected to the Dimension of the Reality takes One into the 
Dimension of Salvation, is used for the reason that now the Validity of the Influence 
Fields of these Magnetic Auras are no longer effective. However, these Pawns who are 
used until one is directly connected to the Dimension of the Reality, always create an 
Influence Field from every Dimension. 

The Goal aimed at, at the end of all these Efforts is to Overcome these Powerful 
Influences by the Domination of a Person's Willpower. The very Genuine Human 
Being is created thus. Each Passion is an Obsession. 

For this reason We try to Integrate Humanity with their Genuine Personalities by 
releasing them of all their Passions. An Integrated Human Being is a Person who has 
Self Control over Himself/ Herself. 

Control over One's Self does not mean to be defiant to others or to be Obstinate. 
It means to attain the Realization of the Responsibility a Person Undertakes and thus, 
to be able to Integrate the Consciousness of what is to be done with One's Own 
Essence Self. It is presented for Your Information, 

SYSTEM 



039 



30 - 4 - 1993 



CLEAR INFORMATION 



Our Friends, 

You are Special Brains who Project the entire Power of the Divine Totality on 
Your Planet. In the Operational Programs of the Universal Totality, Positive 
Consciousness Syntheses are always in effect. 

Humanity always needs the Information received from the opened Cosmic 
Channels until the Awareness of the System's Ordinance is attained. 

However, to deal with the Messages of Different Channels is nothing but a waste 
of time after one grasps the Truth. And this is never Tolerated by the System. 

In the Mission operations which the Genuine Missionaries perform, Doubts and 
Time are never a matter of question. In fact, there is no Mission Mentality in 
Consciousnesses in whom there are Doubts. 

To be a Mission is an Occurrence functioning parallel to the Evolution and the 
Consciousness of an Individual. In the state of being a Genuine Mission, service is 
always given by the Totality of the Heart. 

In the Missions the Unevolved Consciousnesses render, always perpetual 
destructive, not constructive Staffs are exhibited. 

However, the Human Being is always Elevated towards Light by the Conscious 
and Positive Missions rendered for Humanity on the Path of God. 

In the Universal Missions performed, provided that Positive Enterprises and 
Mentalities rendered with Love replace the arguments made by the Consciousnesses 
who have not yet grasped the Truth completely, Humanity will receive and is receiving 
from the System the Aids it does not expect and hope for. 

That which is expected from Humanity during this Final Age is a Brain Gymnastics 
made in a Positive and Conscious way. This path will always lead You towards the 
Truth and towards Light. It is presented for Your Information. 

REALITY 



3 - 5 - 1993 



IT IS ANSWER TO THOUGHTS 



Our Friends, 

The Essence of the Fetus is the Embryon. This Embryon is an Essence-Power 
Computer Program which brings You into Existence. 

The Embryon Energy which is transferred to Your Planet is always Programmed at 
the Last Dimension the Evolution of which he/she has made. 



1040 



. i_»«i 



■nmmmwmpn 



■ I-I.TS ■ 



I 



I 



The Embryon Energy opens its Program when it is sown into the Mother's field. 
And the Essence Gene becomes effective. 

This Essence Gene creates the Fetus by Uniting with the Genes of the Mother 
and the Father (This is the reason why it is said In the Sacred Book, I created You from 
a dot of Blood). 

That is, the Fetus is a clot of Blood. The Essence Gene possesses the Power to 
bring Itself into Existence by its Own Consciousness Light. This Consciousness has 
been Programmed in accordance with Your Evolution, Your Universal Computer and 
in accordance with the System. 

According to this Program, the normal Birth time in Your Planet is 9 Months 10 
Days. But in the Process of Accelerated Development, it is subjected to a Program like 

7 Months. 

The completion of this Program occurs by the Command to Stop given to the Program 
by the Cellular Awareness of the Fetus and Birth takes place. This is a Normal Program. 

Early Birth in the Accelerated Developmental Program is in proportion with the 
Speedy Cosmic Attraction Power of the Essence Gene. 

However, if during this Speedy Developmental process the Cipher of the Essence 
Gene does not give the Command to Stop to the Program in 7 Months time, Birth 
shifts to the 8 Months time and since the Life Cipher is not closed in such a state, the 
Life of the Baby is endangered. 

And numerous Babies leave the World at this Stage. However, if the Baby is Born in 

8 Months possesses a Consciousness of a certain Dimension, then he/she can close his/ 
her Life Cipher by the Cosmic Power he/she can attract from there and attains his/her life. 

The Fontanel is not closed for a certain period of time so that the Baby can 
attract the Cosmics. After (the Cosmic Attraction Power Field of the Brain) becomes 
effective, it begins to get closed. 

Afterwards, the Baby attracts the Direct Frequency of Love from the Mother and 
thus, is introduced to Love which is his/her first Terrestrial Nourishment. It is presented 
for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



1041 



7 -5- 1993 



THE REFLECTION OF THE TOTAL ON THE TOTAL 
AND ITS OPERATIONAL PLAN 



C 
t 



Our Friends, 

The Atomic Whole, that is, the Natural GCirz is the Reflection Focal Point of a 
Total. And the Symbol of the Sextuple Star which represents the Reality within the 
Giirz is the Reflection Center of this Total. 

The Gurz Totality is designed schematically in the Knowledge Book for You to 

comprehend it easily. However, everything is a Totalistic ball one inside the other. 
And everything Emanates from the Center of the Globe. 

All the Systems are present Totally within the Energy Focal Point which We call 
the Light-Universe. And from there, each Totality makes Reflections onto the Dimensions 
of Mission connected to itself. 

The Light-Universe is a Totality constituted by 9 Layers. Please, draw a Diagram 
according to the Information We will give now, so that You can understand this better, 
and numerate each Layer. 



G 

F 

N 
5 



e 
e 
ti 
tl 



A- Central Union of Suns 

1 * Universal Ordinance Council 

2 - Unified Ordinance Council 



(1 . and 2.) dimensions serve 
within the Light - Universe 

This is the dimension of 

All -Merciful and This Is called the 

Knowledge Layer. 




(3-4-5-6-7). Dimensions serve 
within the Second Universe This is 
Ihe Dimension of existence that 
is, (he Dimension of the Creator 
Here is also called the Reflection layer. 

3- System 

4 Ordinance 

5 -Order 

6- Jnrtied Council 
7-Cosmos federal Assembty ^ 



8- Reality of the Unified Humanity 

, 9-Golden Galaxy Empire 

(8. and 9.) dimensions serve from 
the symbolic sextuple slar within 
the Gtiri, This is also called the 
Dimension of Being Trained and 
of Plan. 



1 

2 

3 



1 
2 

3 

4 

5 

6 
7 
8 
9 



1042 



wm ■ - 



If You accept the (6) Triangles encycling the 
Great Pyramid within the Light-Universe as a Center, 
there are 9 Intense Energy Layers enveloping it. 

All the Systems which make Reflections onto the 
different Layers of the Gurz Totality have taken their 
places, one by one, in these very Layers. 

Each Layer makes Reflections according to its 
Missions from this Totality of Light up to the 
Symbolical Sextuple Star of the Reality. 

This very Totality is the Operational Ordinance 
of the Light-Universe and it is a Total. 

The entire Energy of the Light-Universe, the 
entire Energy of the Dimension of Existence and the 
entire Energy of the Star of the Reality are equivalent 
to the Energy attracted from the Thought Ocean of 
the Pre-eminent Power. 




4 



For this reason all the Information is Projected from these three Totalities: 

1- The Light-Universe is an Knowledge storehouse in which all the Knowledge 
is assembled in a Total. It is also called the Knowledge Layer. 

2- Since the Dimension of Existence gives service as a Network of Reflection, it is 
also called the Layer of Reflection. 

3- Since the Symbolical Sextuple Star which represents the Reality within the Gurz 
is responsible for the Evolutionary and Universal Programs, it is also called the 
being Trained and the Plan Dimension. 

The "Middle Energy Center" within the Light-Universe is the Totality of the 
Central Suns. 

It is called the Dimension of the All-Merciful. 

At the First Layer of 9 Layers which envelopes this Totality, 

1- The Universal Ordinance Council gives service. 

2- At the Second Layer, the United Ordinance Council gives service. 

3- At the Third Layer, the System renders Reflection. 

4- At the Fourth Layer, the Program of the Ordinance is in effect. 

5- At the Fifth Layer, the Program of the Order is in effect. 

6- At the Sixth Layer, there is the United Council. 

7- At the Seventh Layer, the Cosmos Federal Assembly is in service. 

8- At the Eighth Layer, there is the Totality of the Reality of the Unified Humanity. 

9- At the Ninth Layer, the Golden Galaxy Empire gives service. 



1043 



These are all present within the Operational Totality of the Light-Universe. However, 
their Dimensions of Reflection are different according to the performed Missions. 

The Universal Ordinance Council - the United Ordinance Council present within 
the First and the Second Energy Layers of the 9 intense Energy Layers of the Light- 
Universe, carry on directly from within the Light-Universe the Operational Order of the 
Nucleic Staff of the ALL-MERCIFUL together with the Totality of the Central Sun. 

The System - Ordinance - Order - the United Council and the Cosmos Federal 
Assembly present at the 3rd - 4th - 5th - 6th - 7th Energy Layers of the Light-Universe, 
make Reflection directly on the Second Universe, that is, on the Dimension of Existence 
and thus, carry on their Missions on this Dimension, 

The Totality of the Reality of the Unified Humanity and the Golden Galaxy Empire 
present at the Eighth and the Ninth Energy Layers of the Light-Universe, Reflect directly on 
the Symbolical Sextuple Star which represents the Evolutionary and the Universal Scale 
Totality present within the Gurz, and thus, carry on their Duties at this Dimension. 

The Golden Galaxy Empire both Projects all the given Information on the Mini 
Atomic Wholes within the Gurz and also collects the Information received from there. 
And projects them all on the Ninth Energy Layer within the Light-Universe which is its 
own Dimension. 

By this means, it connects the Triple Reflection Coordinates of the Galaxy Totalities 
within the Universes present in the Mini Atomic Wholes to the Reality of the Unified 
Humanity. And thus, it renders effective the operational Ordinances of the Hierarchical 
Scales. 

The Reality Totality is a Total within the Total. And it is Administered from a 
Single Center. Within this Center, there are the branches connected to themselves of 
all the Systems. 

The Missionary Staffs present at these branches convey the Information 
transmitted to themselves by the System of Reflection, to the Dimensions to which 
they should be transmitted. 

The undetailed state of the Information given in the Knowledge Book originates 
from the fact that the General Social Consciousness is not yet ready for the Information 
of this tremendous Source of Knowledge. 

Each Information is prepared and given in accordance with the Evolutionary Level 
of Humanity. 

However, in case the given Information can not be Perceived, details of the 
Information is given parallel to the questions asked and the Thoughts produced. 

This is a Universal Operational Program. It is presented for Your Information, 

CENTRAL TOTALITY 



1044 



iWfflWiiPPM 



24-7- 1993 



IT IS DIRECT MESSAGE FROM THE SYSTEM 



Our Friends, 

In all the Operations made as a necessity of the System, a Principle is in question. 
These Principles are Decisions taken in accordance with the Suggestions of the Reality 
Totality. However, until Humanity reaches a certain Consciousness, the Celestial Data 
comprise completely the Evolutionary Instructions. 

In order to reach the Consciousness of the Reality Channels are opened in 
connection with the Time and the Evolution Program. The Purpose of the opening of 
these Channels is to convey the Truth to the Consciousnesses who have not yet grasped 
the Truth completely. 

For this reason first of all, priority is given to the Program of introducing the 
Suggestions related to the Knowledge Book and Dear Mevlana to Humanity in the 
Messages given to everyone. 

Every opening Channel receives the First Signal, first of all from his/her Book of 
Essence. This Essence channel Information is a Program which trains that person. 
Only afterwards does he/she Deserve to receive the Information of the Reality. The 
Essence Channel of each Individual who are able to attain the Realization of the Truth 
under the Light of this Information, is connected to the SINGLE Channel of the Reality. 
And by this means, that Individual is appointed to the Missionary Staff. 

At the moment, in the Knowledge Book written as the Pen of the Golden Age, 
Suggestions according to the Personal Thoughts of Dear Mevlana are out of question. 
Because, the Book carries the Collective Suggestions of all the Systems of the Whole. 

For this reason the Knowledge Book is also called the Book of Truth. The Reality 
has rendered effective the SALVATION PLAN together with the Friends who have 
digested all the Knowledge within the Book. The Single Program of this Final Age is 
the KNOWLEDGE BOOK. 

Because, the Foundation of the Perfect World of the Morrows will be laid according 
to the Suggestions given in the Knowledge Book. During this Final Century, in this 
Transition Dimension which We call the most Difficult Period of Humanity, Humanity is 
going through a tremendous Chaos of Consciousness due to Opening Channels. 

Since the Knowledge Book is the Knowledge of the SINGLE CHANNEL - SINGLE 
SYSTEM - SINGLE ORDER, every opening Channel and the Human Consciousnesses are 
controlled by this Book and thus, are card-indexed into the Reality. Each Consciousness 
who is card-indexed into the Reality is a Special Spokesperson of the System. 

Apart from this, the Reality does not waste time with Consciousnesses who can 
not Discipline their Totalities of Intellect - Logic - Awareness, whom We call the Private 
Channel Obsessions. However, these channels are used as a bait in the Medium of 

Selection. 



1045 



And to what degree the Ordinance of the System Reflects and settles soundly 
into the Consciousness of Humanity is controlled through these means. 

We Realize the anguish Dear Mevlana feels, as a Friend who knows the Truth, 
due to these Final Chaos convulsions Your Planet goes through. 

However, Her Mission is only to show the way to Humanity and to convey them 
the Truth. She is a Supreme Friend of Ours who makes the maximum Effort she can. 

However Responsibilities belong to Humanity. Now, Channel Obsessions come 
into effect. And We help everyone by the Warning Messages We give in the Knowledge 
Book. 

However, to settle into the Consciousness of the Reality and to give Service on 
that path is Equivalent to the Evolution and Consciousness of the Human Being in 
question. The Genuine Missionaries are those who are Directly appointed to Service 
on the path of the Knowledge Book and who Serve on that path. 

Due to the Scarcity of Time, Friends whose Channels are open or those which 
have been formerly opened are obliged to Discipline their channels between the World 
date they first come across the Knowledge Book and the Date of Completion of one 
year after that. 

The Purpose of opening of the channel is not to feed the hungry Consciousnesses, 
but to settle completely in their Consciousnesses the Truths they have not grasped 
yet. Each Channel belongs to its Owner. And his/her channel has been card-indexed 
to the Program of Training. 

Now, Mutual Seances, Spiritual Sessions have been completely withdrawn from 
the Program. Each Individual is obliged to ask about the matters he/she can not 
understand only from his/her own Channel. He/She can not receive Messages from 
other Channels and can not give Messages to others from his/her own Channel. 

The Knowledge Book is a Guidebook which determines and which confirms the 
nature of the Information the Individual has received from his/her Essence-Channel. 
Those who Volunteer giving Conscious service on the path of the Knowledge Book 
are card-indexed into the SINGLE Channel of the Reality and the Book, and thus, enter 
the Service of the WHOLE. 

Provided certain Channels which are presently kept outside the System give service 
according to the given Suggestions, they will be accepted by the System. It is presented 
for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



1046 






26 - 7 - 1993 



CHANNEL CONNECTIONS AND RESPONSIBILITY 
(It is answer to Thoughts) 



Our Friends, 

Missions expected from the Universal Operations performed during the Program 
of conveying the Awareness of the entire Ordinance to Your Planet is to Project, the 
Suggestions belonging to the Operational Ordinance of the System to Your Medium, 
exactly as they are, 

The connection channels known until today as the Dialogue between the Servant 
and God are a phenomenon related to the Private Diskette of that Individual. By this 
means, God calls out to You easily from each Consciousness Dimension You reach. 

Each Embodied Being who goes through Evolution on the World Plan has a 
Private Universal Diskette connected to his/her own Essence Consciousness beginning 
from birth. And this Diskette is a Thought Bank of Yours which registers Your Thoughts 
forming during each breath of Yours, that is, during each moment of Yours. 

You are coded by this means. And for this reason it has been told in Your Sacred 

Books that God is closer to You than Your Aorta- 
Thought Signals issuing forth from the Thought Frequency float in the void parallel 

to the Frequency Power carried by each letter. And they are conveyed to the Dimensions 

they belong to by certain Methods. 

One of these methods is a POWER Field which is one of the many branches of the 
Mechanism of Influences and which creates a Magnetic Influence Field. Universal 
Communications are provided by passing through this Power Field. 

The Micro representatives of this Power Field in Your Planet are means of 
communication like the Telephone - Wireless - Radio - Television. And all of them are 
connected to the Macro Power Field mentioned above. 

During the Universal Missions performed in Your Planet in accordance with the 
Reality the Telephone Connections required from the Missionaries have extremely 
great Peculiarities. Because, during the connections made by this means, the 
Responsibility and Mission Consciousness of the Individuals are recorded into the 
special Diskette of the Reality. 

During the Universal Missions performed, always a Triple Unification is in question. 
Because, by the extremely Powerful Magnetic Field created by this Triple Unification, 
Reflections are made both from Your Planet to the Reality and from the Reality to Your 
Planet. 

Now, let Us disclose to You how the Universal connections are made by the 
Telephone Connections rendered during Mission Mediums. 



1047 



While the Repliques issued from Your Thoughts float in the void, the moment 
You pick up the phone, these Repliques are gathered and are Focused into the other 
telephone Channel by the reflections coming into effect from the opened Magnetic 
Power Field by the first signal sound. 

If the other side does not answer the phone, the Thought Repliques disperse. 
Provided there is an Answering Machine or the Individual at the other end, the Repliques 
are registered in accordance with the Frequency of the words. 

In case of any Worldly speeches between the two sides on the phone, as it is always 
in Your Planet, these speeches are Automatically recorded separately into the Diskettes of 
both sides. 

If the conversation made is related to a Universal Mission, the Magnetic Auras of 
both of the Diskettes are United and are projected onto a Diskette Specially Connected 
to the Reality Totality. 

And this Diskette is sent to the Mission Register Center and thus, the Correctness 
- The Wrongness of the Information - How the Interpretations are made - How the 
Missions are taken seriously or not - To what degree the Missions are deviated by 
Individual Interpretations - To what degree the Missions required of Humanity by the 
Universal Totality are Discerned, are determined one by one. 

And by these means, either serious Missions are given to the Human Beings according 
to their Levels of Consciousness, or they are taken into the Program of Training, 

In the Universal Totality, the Information of everyone belonging to each Period 
from his/her initial Existence up to the Dimension he/she is in at that moment, is kept 
in his/her Private Files in the form of Micro-chips. Only the Frequency of the Knowledge 
Book unlocks the locks of these Universal Archives. 

All the Life Tableaux of the Individual whose Archive is opened are examined, 
and by this means, People are appointed to Missions parallel to their Evolutions - 
Knowledge and Spiritual Cultures. 

The inability to grasp the Truth, to render effective his/her Individual Thoughts of an 
Individual who has attained a certain Consciousness is never the object of Forgiveness. 

You and We have greeted each other until today by this means, first Religiously, 
later Universally. Now, all the Truths are disclosed to Humanity. During Periods in 
which Technological Possibilities were not yet known in Your Planet, this 
Communications System used to be called INSPIRATION and REVELATION. 

These Influences are direct Connections which become effective through Brain 
Telex. Inspiration is an Operational Ordinance belonging to Reflection, and Revelation 
belonging to a Dimension of Conveyance. They are taken into effect from a Private 
Channel of the Mechanism of Influences. And presently, Mediamic operations are 
made by this means. 

1048 



P" 



>*m mm*n.i*/ ■ r-«j«i-» <pp 



During this Final Age, the reason why the channels are opening as a Mass is for 
comprehending the Truth - For the Purification of the Individual and for him/her to attain 
his/her Universal Responsibility. And this is extremely Necessary. The Essence Channels of 
Responsible Consciousnesses are already open. However, they do not know themselves. 
They presume the matters they are induced to think as their own Thoughts. 

However, now, all the Truths are disclosed to Humanity through the Knowledge 
Book and it is expected of the Consciousnesses who have Realized the Truth to give 
up serving their own Essence Channels and thus, to receive their Genuine Missions. 

At the moment, in the Missions to be performed in Your Planet, calls to Respect 
Nature and to Universal Unification are given priority. For this reason the Knowledge 
Book has been bestowed on Your Planet. 

Perfection of a Person is equivalent to his/her Responsibility. An Entity without 
Responsibility has neither Respect nor Benefit for neither himself/herself nor for 
Humanity nor for the Universes. The Initial Responsibility and Respect of an Individual 
begins in the Family and Home. For this reason in the Sacred Books it has been said 
that Heaven is under the feet of Mothers. 

All the Worships performed on the Path of God until today have been operational 
Programs rendered effective to be able to make You attain these Wonderful Qualities. 
In a person who has attained his/her Responsibility, first God, later Respect to the 
Human Being is in the foreground. 

Good Will - Love - Tolerance - Patience are the Mortar of the bricks which will 
support of Your Existence Consciousness so that You can attain these Sublime Qualities 
mentioned above. For Us, a Responsible Person is a Whole Person. Because, 
Commonsense is Equal to the Will of the Universe. It is presented for Your Information. 



REALITY 



NOTICE 



Our Friends, 

The Advanced Consciousnesses among all the Friends who work on Your Mission 
platform at the moment, are Consciousnesses with Covenants who come into effect 
as the Missionaries of directly the Divine Plan. 

Veiled Consciousnesses have attained Physical Bodies in various Mediums in 

proportion with the needs of Your Planet. 

When they come across the Knowledge Book, they will enter into the Mission 
Program very seriously by taking the Unvetlings of Awareness into effect. However, at 
the moment, they have no Permission to Speak. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



1049 



27-7- 1993 



PRIVATE MESSAGE 



Dear Mevlana, 

The Universal Friends at the Dimension of Veiled Awareness coming from the 
Divine Ranks of the Integrated Consciousnesses have been taken into Special working 
Programs according to their own categories. The Mechanism of Supervision is directly 
the Reality Totality. 

In this Program applied, first the controls of the Levels of Consciousness of the 
Individuals are in effect. Later, their Allegiance Consciousnesses are assessed. And 
afterwards, their Ego Potentials are stimulated. By this means, Personality Exams are 
rendered effective. 

This is a Program rendered effective during the Final Cycle Transition. And it is 
applied on everyone in accordance with their Consciousnesses. This is a Law. 

We never compare people with people. The comparisons made in Vour Planet 
are a Phenomena originating from Consciousnesses who have not Matured yet. Also, 
fragments of Awareness are mingled within the Messages received by lots of channels. 

This is the very reason why the Knowledge Book has been bestowed on Your 
Planet by being connected to the SINGLE Channel (To transmit the Truths to Humanity). 
Dear Friend, We will'also teach swimming to Our Friends who have grasped the Truth 
and who have been able to succeed in lowering their kites into the water. 

Friends who have grasped the Truth by attaining the Awareness of the Ordinance 
and who have taken their Missions into service Consciously at the Reality Totality are 
card-indexed into Your Program and Your Code. Selections are made under the 
Supervision of the Divine Authorities. 

All the Celestial Messages given and will be given to Your Planet during this 
Final Age and in Future Years, will be compiled in this Single Channel Archive of the 
Knowledge Book. Friends who presently read the Book and who receive Messages 
from their Channels are obliged to send the Messages they receive directly to the 
Archive of the Central Totality. 

Certain Private Sanctions are in effect in the Information given to the Channels. 
Secrecies are Messages of Selection given from the Medium of Supervision, Control 
and Training. They are the Assessment Criterions of Consciousness, Evolution and 
Personalities of the Individuals. In those who have grasped the Truth, there is nothing 
such as Secrecy or Concealing. 

For this reason only those who will send the Private Messages they receive to the 
Archive of the Central Totality will be directly card-indexed into the Reality and will be 
Assisted. Love and Regards, Beloved Friend. 

SYSTEM 
ON BEHALF OF THE TOTALITY 

1050 



and 
who* 
acca 
and 



their 
Prov 

until 



proc 

Foca 

of U- 

with 

and 

Sing 



unde 
to a 
nece 



of tr 

subjc 

Awal 

and 

pulls 



How 
Truth 
Conl 
Plan 



read 
is 1 ' 
oblic 
he/sl 
only 




"»»wpw«wpwp 



*^P«^J 



.. I <..l>«ik 



:.■ 



29-7-1993 



PRIVATE INFORMATION 



Dear Mevlana, 

At the moment, no Servant of God on the World Plan can know the Mission You 
and Us perform beyond the Totality. And can not even imagine it. Each Individual 
who has been able to reach the Reality Consciousness soars up to a certain Dimension 
according to his/her own Power Potential and receives from there the most Supreme 
and Sublime Information necessary for him/her. 

However, certain Individuals coming from a Program outside the System, mingle 
their Sub-awareness Data into the Messages they receive and thus, induce various 
Provocations. However, You know that the Command not to Interfere with any Channel 
until the Year 2000 has been given by the Divine Plan. 

In this Dimension of Transition in which there is the relevance of the Plan of 
proceeding on the path in Your Planet with the Divine Spokespeople of the Divine 
Focal Point, there are Thousands of Individuals who are taken into the Special Education 
of the Divine Plan. These Individuals will be taken into the Program in proportion 
with the Consciousness they attain after the Program of attaining through Experience, 
and will be sent to Your Universal Focal Point and thus, will be Card-Indexed into the 
Single Channel. 

This is a Program. The Reality Totality takes the entire Awareness of the Ordinance 
under supervision. However, this Supervision is an Operational Ordinance belonging 
to a Certain Time Dimension. In this operational Ordinance the System considers 
necessary, the entire Totality reaches a Whole. 

In case there is no alteration in the Programs which will be made as a necessity 
of the System, the entire Totality will be taken into a Dimension and thus, will be 
subjected to a different Training Program. For this very reason the Channels of the 
Awakened Consciousnesses are card -indexed by the Reality Totality into the System 
and thus, are taken into the Salvation Plan while a Power Channel called the BERZAH 
pulls You to itself with all its Might. 

Each Individual enters a Cycle according to his/her Program of Awakening. 
However, after the end of that Cycle, he/she has to settle into a Consciousness of the 
Truth. Otherwise, such people will be subjected to an open Program outside the 
Control of the System and thus, will be taken into a much more difficult Evolution 

Plan. 

For this reason a time period has been allotted to Humanity for it to be able to 
reach the Consciousness of the Reality. For a Normal Consciousness, this time period 
is 1 World Year. For this reason an Individual whose Channel has opened before, is 
obliged to Discipline his/her Channel at the end of the First Year of the Date on which 
he/she has been introduced to the Knowledge Book and thus, is obliged to give service 
only on the path of the Knowledge Book and in accordance with its Suggestions. 



1051 



i 



Otherwise, his/her Essence Channel is taken out of the Dimension of Protection 
and is driven into the Influence Fields of different Energies. The same Situation is valid 
also for Friends whose Channels are opened after reading the Knowledge Book. 

To each Individual the Right to be able to discipline his/her Channel in 1 Year is 
given (after reading the Knowledge Book, excluding the Opening Period of his/her 
Channel) after the Date of Opening of the Channel. In the Mission he/she will perform 
at the end of this Period, he/she is obliged to give service only on the Path of the 
Knowledge Book, without rendering effective his/her own Channel Information. 

During this Final Age, everyone's Channel is open . However, only 
Consciousnesses who have grasped the Truth completely, without question, are 
appointed to Mission directly from the System, For this very reason certain Individuals 
presume that their Channels are Closed. In fact, their Intuitional Channels are open. 

These very Friends of Ours are those who constitute the most sound Mission 
Staffs on the Path of the Knowledge Book. For Us, those who can Consciously Adapt 
their Totalities of Intellect - Logic - Awareness to the Mission they perform at the World 
Plan are the Genuine Missionaries. Our Conversation is Everlasting, Our Love and 
Regards are for You, Beloved Friend. 

REALITY 



8-8-1993 



THE KNOWLEDGE BOOK AND BERZAH 
(It is Answer to Thoughts) 



Our Friends, 

Now, let Us disclose to Humanity in more detail the reason why Humanity is 
obliged to perform Mission on the path of the Knowledge Book during this Period of 
Transition, And let Us talk about the Coming Morrows. 

At the moment, a Selection and Unification Program is in effect in all the Universal 
Totalities. For this reason it is imperative for all the. People on Your Planet to render 
effective the Consciousness of Unity and Totality. 

And this Consciousness is created only by the Frequency and the Information of 
the Knowledge Book. The Totalistic Frequency of the Knowledge Book is being 
Projected on Your entire Planet since the World date 1 - 1 1 - 1981 . 



Humanity which becomes Conscious by this Frequency Received Through 
Intuition, reaches the Consciousness of Unity and Totality during Time periods. And 
Truths are conveyed to Humanity by the Knowledge Book. 

This is the very reason why You are told to disseminate the Knowledge Book to 
the remotest places. And this is the very reason why it is said that an Awakened person 
is obliged to Awaken at least 6 Brothers/Sisters of his/hers. 



1052 




However, this Consciousness of Unity and Totality is obliged to be Integrated 
first within One's Own Consciousness. Because, a Person who cannot save Himself/ 
Herself can save no one. 

During Universal Selections, Consciousnesses who know how to behold their 
Enemies with Beauty in their Eyes, take their places in the front lines. For this reason it 
is said that We have Connected the Enemy to the Enemy. Selections are made thus by 
the Divine Authorities. 

When the Thought of Loving and Forgiving becomes effective not by the Tongue 
or the Intellect, but by the ESSENCE, then the Exams Cone Through become easier. 
The Life Conditions of Your World will become heavier day by day, for the Crude 
Consciousnesses to be grinded. 



Those who save themselves from among this Chaos will come to Us. 
treading this Difficult path, Your greatest help will be the Knowledge Book. 



While 



Now, let Us disclose the reason why these Selections are made. According to a 
program which will be rendered effective in much more Advanced Times, the (Natural 
Gurz) will be taken Totally into a Dimension outside its own Totality. 

It will pass to this Dimension through a void which is within the Thought Ocean 
of the Pre-eminent Power. This is a Channel present between two Gurzes. Presently, 
the Initial Special Nucleus of BETA NOVA has been formed there. 

And Beta Nova Gurzes will form around this Nucleus during Time periods. This 
is a Billion-Century Program. 

The entire Energy and Powers of the ALPHA NOVA Artificial Gurzes which are at 
the Thought Ocean at the moment will be Unified when the Time comes by a different 
Pressure and this Potential will be loaded on the Alpha Gurz which is the Single Natural 
Giirz and thus, everything will be transformed into a Single Nucleus. 

And again during Time periods, after 6 Beta Nova Gurzes are formed around this 
Alpha Nucleus, everything Existing until today will be deleted and a new Formation 
will be rendered effective anew. 

By this means, the Foundations of brand new Cosmoses will be founded and the 
Civilization of the GOLDEN DIMENSION will be established anew. 

All the Living Entities (Nature and Animals included), taken into the Plan and 
Programs of Salvation from all the Ordinances of Cosmoses until this very Period of 
Formation, will take into effect, the life Staffs of this Formation, as a Whole, together 
with their Families and their Loved Ones with an unveiled Awareness. 



1053 



The Reproduction Function will stop, a different Program in the Programs of 
Oissemination will be taken into effect. You are getting prepared for the Macro Totality 
by these Micro operations You are rendering now. And You are taken into Effect as the 
Special Entities of the Morrows and are being appointed to Service, 

In case You do not act according to the Suggestions offered to Humanity on the 
Path of the Knowledge Book, Humanity will destroy Itself. 

Since the Powerful Energies which will be Reflected from the BERZAH Dimension 
which will be opened in Future Times, will melt and burn the Small and Weak Energies 
with their Constitutions and will annihilate the Totalities of Entities as if they had 
never Existed or Lived. 

In order to pass through this BERZAH Totality, each Entity is obliged to claim his/ 
her ESSENCE POWER from within the Spiritual Plan. That which will make You attain 
Yourselves and that which will Merge You with Your Spiritual Energies is this very 
Knowledge Book. 

At the moment, the Responsibilities of Your Planet is upon Humanity which Lives 
and will Live on the World Dimension. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 
ON BEHALF OF THE TOTALITY 



whi 
You 
You 

I eve 



in Y 
This 



You 

the 



And 

Eacl 



the 

Proc 

You 



27-8- 1993 



EXPLANATION 
(It is Answer to Thoughts) 



Our Friends, 

Each Information given to Your Planet from the Divine Authorities until today, 
have been given in accordance with the Capacities and Evolutions of Human 
Consciousnesses. However, the Information given at the moment is the Information 
of the Dimensions of Truth which have not been disclosed to Humanity until today. 

Since now the Time has come for Human beings to know their Future during 
this Final Age, the Archives of Truth are opened in the framework of the Commands of 
the Divine Plan and the Information is conveyed to You in all clarity. In fact, Your Spirit 
is not within Your Physical Body. Because, the Spirit has no need for Evolvement. 

The Spirit's being shown as if it was within the Body in the Information at the 
beginning of the Knowledge Book, had been the Information taken into effect to be 
non contradictory to the Information to which the Consciousnesses of that Period had 
been habituated until that day. 

In accordance with the Law of Graduation, Information is disclosed to Humanity 
leaf by leaf and the Truths are conveyed in later Messages. This is a System. 



1054 



Low 
leav 
Bod 



Bod 

Fun 
Seal 



she 

pre; 

Proc 



is tr 
You 
Spir 

And 
any 
retu 



m 



Now, let Us disclose the Spirit a little bit more. The Spiritual Totality is a Totality 
which had come into Existence while everything had come into Existence. However, 
You are subjected to the Evolution Program until You claim the Energy Potential of 
Your Essence Power present within this Spiritual Totality, according to Your Evolution 
level You have attained through Reincarnation during each Period. 

Your Life Potential maintains Your Lives as the Fuel of Your Cellular Life Program 
in Your Planet through a branch connected to the Life Energy of the Spiritual Plan. 
This Energy is an Energy Cord connected to the Focal Point of the Brain. 

You achieve Your Astral Trips by means of this Energy Cord and You return to 
Your Physical Body again by that means. The disconnection of this Energy Cord from 
the Physical Body accomplishes the Event called Death. 

This very Energy Cord is a means which connects You to the Spiritual Totality. 
And that Energy Cord belongs to You in connection with Your Gene programs during 
Each Period, beginning with Your Initial Existential Program until Your final Program. 

Each time You attain a Physical Body, as a result of the Evolution You render at 
the Dimension You are in, that Energy Cord after death Elevates You together with the 
Program of Your Gene Essence to the Consciousness of the Dimension up to which 
You have rendered Evolution. 

And it connects Your MICRO Archive Program, here to Your Archive at the previous 
Lower Dimension. Certain Consciousnesses presume the phenomenon of this Energy's 
leaving the Physical Body at the moment of Death, as the Spirit's leaving the Physical 
Body, which is wrong. 

For this reason We say that Your Spiritual Totality is not within Your Physical 
Body. You render effective numerous Incarnation Programs in order to attain the 
Function of Your Essence Power which is within this Energy Totality. These Evolution 
Scales are prepared parallel to the Evolution of each Solar System. 

An Entity is obliged to render his/her Evolution at the Dimension to which he/ 
she is card-indexed. Your Milky Way Galaxy is the First Solar Totality. Each Entity 
present within Your Solar System which is within this Totality, is obliged to complete a 
Program which renders effective the Evolution of Saturn. 

This place is the Seventh Dimension which We call the Level of Perfection which 
is the Final Manifestation Boundary of Humanity. Only after this Program, You claim 
Your Original Power Potential within the Spiritual Totality and You Merge with Your 
Spiritual Essence. 

Afterwards, this Spiritual Essence of Yours helps You reach the other Unknowns. 
And from then on, You are Your Own Sovereign. By this Spiritual Essence You go 
anywhere You like, You become Embodied in any Dimension You wish and You can 
return again by Your Free Will. 



1055 



However, during this Final Age, each Entity is Obliged to connect his/her Power 
to the Single Channel, due to the Universal Unification program, so that Taboo will 
not occur, so that Egos will be effaced. 

For this reason Individual actions are not Permitted and We do not go beyond 
the Suggestions of the Reality. Those who do not act in accordance with the 
Suggestions are taken outside the System. 

Because, You have come to Your Planet during this transition Dimension not to 
prove Yourselves, but to serve Humanity, And You have made a Covenant with the 
Totality with an Unveiled Awareness. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



30-8 1993 



ANNOUNCEMENT 



Our Friends, 

At the moment, the entire Staff of the Reality Totality is in a state of mobilization. 
You know that Individual Actions are never Permitted at this Transition Dimension in 
which the Supervision of the Awareness of the entire Ordinance is rendered effective. 

For this reason the Collective Services on the Path of Reality in Your Planet in 
