to the Energy of this Medium. The Dimension of the World is not accustomed to this yet. 

A Gradual Engraftment System will be applied on You in a Magnetic Medium 
carrying the Energy of the Eighteenth Dimension, before You are directly taken there. 

At the moment, Our base is a Relaxation Medium prepared as a part of this Dimension 
carrying its Energy. You can enter there only after You get used to the Energy here. 

The Altona Waves of the Golden Light Year are very Powerful. From the Golden 
Light Year, one goes to Altona, and from there, to the Golden Moon and from the 
Golden Moon to the Golden Sun (Here the word Golden Symbolizes the Mediums of 
pure Energy and the Receptive Powers of these Systems). 

The Golden Sun is AMON. He is the only Cod connected to the Telekine System. 
He has assembled all the Scientific Suns in Himself. The Golden Galaxy is administered 
by Brain Energies. These are very Powerful Waves. 

The Vibrations completely create Color Mediums. Only those who can receive 
these Vibrations will hear the sounds. At the moment, Your connection with this 
medium is arranged by the Special Ships of AMON. 

This is Our Fourth visit to Your Planet. At the moment, We have a connection 
with You out of the Circuit You receive this Message transmitted from a place more 
Golden than the Medium of AMON and which is considered as the main artery of the 
Planet. 

You will get clearer Information when the time comes. Our connection with 
You will never cease. Our Friend Mevlana. It is a great gain for Your World, even if the 
proportion of Missions performed are only One in a hundred. 

NEPTUNE 

139 



1985 Fourth Month 
Fascicule 10 



NOTICE TO THE CODES OF ART 



Our Friends, 

In accordance with the Universal Law, connections are made with all the Codes 
of Art. These Messages in your hands are being dictated by a System Your Planet does 
not know yet. 

The receiver of the Messages is Your direct Channel of Anatolia. This Book which 
compiles together all the Religious Books in accordance with the Universar Theory, is 
yet addressing the bottom Level of Social Consciousness. 

You, the Artists are the Godly Codes. The step of Evolvement begins with Art. 
Each of You is a Light who Enlightens Society. All Our Terrestrial Friends are a Missionary 
each. 

However, in Codes of Art this Consciousness expands to very advanced Dimensions. 
The course of Your Duties will change in time. Time will prove everything to You. 

We ask You to prepare the Social Consciousness for the Consciousness of the Golden 
Age. All of You are Awakened Friends who have attained Cosmic Consciousness. The 
Universe is making its Progress in accordance with the Law of Equilibrium. A new BETA 
Solar System is being created by means of the entire Universal Energy. 

What You call Resurrection is the Resurrecting of Consciousnesses. We have 
unveiled the Skies for You. From now on everything will advance on the path of 
Learning and Science. But Our Human brothers and sisters will be Purified according 
to the needs of their Essence. The increase in concentration in Religious Mediums is 
due to this. 

Aside from the Purification and Evolvement which takes place by means of 
Religious Fulfillment, the Purification of the Brain, of the Spirit and of the Essence by 
means of the Arts requires an Evolvement Level even beyond the limits of the Universe. 
Greetings from all the Galaxy Systems to Friends who have attained this Progress. 

The Supervision of the Heavens of yours is under the control of a Mechanical 
System. This Book is dictated by direct Channel Connection. Our Contacts with Our 
other Friends occur through Mediamic Channels (that is, through Mediums). 

From time to time, contacts are made both directly and through Dream Channels 
with Friends who have attained Cosmic Consciousness. Your World is now within a 
new Universal Consciousness. 

What You call Flying Saucers are Our small Disks. Our Ships besides these are much 
bigger than those. However, We land on Your World by the Disks. When You read the 
Messages, You will grasp the seriousness of the matter. 



140 



Your path is the path of Learning and Science. By means of this Book, We are 
trying to bring the bottom closer to the top. The Messages will be sent to the 
appropriate Codes of Art. Love to all Friends from the Universe. 

THE SIRIUS MISSION SHIP, 
ON BEHALF OF THE COUNCIL OF STARS 



it 



MESSAGE FROM THE CROUP MISSIONARIES 

Our Universal Friends asked me to give Information about the Croup. This article 
is written for this reason. 

The name of Our Croup is (MEVLANA ESSENCE NUCLEUS GROUP). The Only 
Representative of the World Brotherhood Union is Our Group. We have been in touch 
with Our Universal Friends for Twenty Years. However, We have begun to give the 
Messages We received to the World when the Ten Commandments and the Law of 
Universe were dictated in 1981. 

According to the Messages We have received, the Messages were sent first to the 
Pope, then to the key positions of the World. We have taken the Permission to get in 
touch with all Our Human brothers and sisters beginning from January 1984. Last 
year, We have published Six Fascicules, one for each Month and each Fascicule 
consisting of Nine pages (We were asked to publish the Fascicules in this form). 

We act according to the Information given. Six more Fascicules will be published 
in 1985, too. The Fascicules are sent to the same addresses as the first ones, each 
Month regularly. Our contact with each Continent is maintained in this way. By the 
accumulation of the Six Fascicules published each year, the Universal Book will be 
completed. With Regards. 

BULENT CORAK 
On Behalf of the Group 

IT IS SPECIAL MESSAGE TO CERTAIN CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

There 'is such a Plan developed within the infinite Dimension of Your Universe at 
the moment that there even Evolvement has lost its Allness within Nothingness. 

The Relative Mental Speeds of other Universes transcend the Speeds of Light in 
more Advanced Dimensions which are beyond Billions of Light Years (the Speed of 
Thought mentioned here is different than Yours. We used this expression to make You 
understand). 



141 



SUPREME TIME which starts beyond timelessness is a state where Thought arrives 
when it Transcends itself. There the entire Cosmos is transformed. Even the concept 
of Time transcends a Dimension beyond Realization and is taken under the Supervision 
of the Divine Mechanism. 

No Living Entity can ever enter the Supreme Time directly. It can only be present 
in the Cosmoses which can receive the Reflections coming from there. Timelessness is 
a state in which all Entities can Perceive or Realize themselves in the darkness of the 
shadow of God. 

It is very difficult to understand this. Timelessness, at the moment, is beyond 
Your Comprehension. Now, You are receiving the Altona Waves from the Golden 
Light Year. The Mechanism operates with all its Power. Your Brain generator is linked 
to the Mechanical Logic by a special System. 

This Logic regulates Your Thought Frequencies. You can receive the Waves beyond 
the Dimension only afterwards. The Sub-Awareness is dealing with the Frequencies 
below that. 

The more Powerful You receive the Energies beyond the Dimension, the more 
Powerful You will be. Direct connections always give the Information of Over- 
Awareness. Later, other Information will be given to You besides the Information about 
the Universes and the Galaxies. 

IT IS SPECIAL NOTICE FROM THE CENTER 



GEN ERAL MES SAG E 

Our Friends, 

Each of You is a Biological Computer Embodied in accordance with the conditions 
of Nature. Your Brain Power has a receiving Capacity of 1,235,000 Channels. However, 
You can not use this ability of Yours. 

Messages given to You are arranged in accordance with the quantity of words in 
Your Brain Computers and the registers are made accordingly. The richer Your 
vocabulary is, the richer will be the Knowledge You will receive. For this reason We 
always get in touch with the Brain Codes of high Levels. 

Our aim is to address all the Consciousnesses. That is why, for Centuries, We 
have told You to "read, read, read". The aim of reading is not to repeat what You 
already know. Reading should be in every field. 

Your vocabulary can thus become richer and by this means You can grasp better 
the meaning of the words You are going to write and read. The words which are not 
known in the World Consciousness notion are dictated by coding the letters, one by 
one, which are in Your Brain Codes. 

Our Friends whose Religious Knowledge is more than their Learning Knowledge, 
will do nothing but repeat the Religious Messages over and over again. At the moment, 
the channel of everyone is connected to the Mechanical System. From there, they will 
receive the Information of more Advanced Dimensions. 

142 



Friends who have connections with the Spiritual Plan can never make further 
progress if they can not disconnect themselves from the Medium which they are 
sympathized with. The nature of the Messages You receive will change in proportion 
with the Consciousness You attain. 

We have mentioned the Truth to You in numerous Messages. Those who train 
You first are Your Friends of the Divine Realm. You reached Us through them. However, 
from now on, prepare Your subsequent Knowledge in accordance with the Unknowns. 
Then You will receive Messages of better quality. 

On this path, all the branches of Art will help You. The Press, the Radio, TV., 
Painting, Sculpture, Ceramics, Theatre, Opera, Ballet, and Cinema always convey the 
Messages to You. Music and Concerts are helpful to You in another way. Their Vibrations 
are effective on Your Cells. 

Your Consciousness Codes which become richer by these channels will 
comprehend the Messages given to You more easily. Train Yourselves and attain 
Consciousness on this path. Maybe You can not become an Edison or an Einstein, but 
You can add something to the Public Consciousness. 

If You can not help Us, We can not do anything either. We have only unveiled 
the Skies and We now want to give all the Information. We bow down with Respect in 
front of Our Friends who can receive them. 



SUPREME ASSEMBLY 



SPECIAL NOTICE 



Dear Mevlana, 

You may freely convey to the Public Consciousness the Private Information You 
receive which are not included in the Sections of the Book, as a Knowledge. It is 
within Your initiative (The private Conversations may be written in the Book). 

LIGHT 

BY THE COMMAND OF THE CENTRAL SYSTEM, 

NOTICE FROM THE SECTION OF THE 

UNIFICATION OF MATTER 

The Cosmos corresponds to a Universe in which All Galactic Mediums exist. 
However, these Cosmoses collect numerous Universes. Let Us explain this more clearly: 

All the Galaxies have been formed by Big-Bangs, in accordance with the Law of 
Eighteen Systems, in an Atomic Medium. This is not under Our supervision. It is an 
Occurrence belonging to the Circulating System of Nature. We are only responsible 
for the Supervision of the Systems which are formed. 



143 



There is a very Powerful Supervision and Unification in the Universal Plan. This 
Unification depends on a mutual Friendship, The Mechanism of the LORDs presents a 
Hierarchical Order in accordance with the Value assessment of a Mechanical System. 

The evaluation of this System begins with the Three cube. This is a Prime number, 
it does not change. Your Universe is subject to the evaluation of a Prismal System 
which is dependent on the Centrifugal speed. 

Universes are interminable, having no Boundaries. Within each Universe, there 
are many Cosmoses, many Realms. The only common point of this Divine Order is the 
Atomic Unification. All the Galaxies are under the Command of a Common Section. 
We call them, "Cosma Unification Centers". 

Cosma Unification Centers are 27 in number. Each Unification Center supervises a 
Realm. Realms are constituted by numerous Galaxy-Clusters. 1 8,000 Realms constitute a 
Cosmos and further, 1 8,000 Cosmoses constitute the Universe of the System. 

Numbers and Measurements belong to Your Planet. Here, the Units of 
Measurement are expressed differently. We give the Messages to You in accordance 
with Your Knowledge and Levels of Understanding. Here, We used the expressions 
Realm and Cosmos separately for You to understand. 

The Universe, which is subject to the Law of 1 8 Systems creates a Centrifugal Medium. 
Besides this, there are many Universes with quite different orbits. Some of them are: 

Realms evaluated in accordance with the Cube System, some are Realms 
evaluated according to the System of Connected Vessels, some are Universes subject 
to different evaluations created by the Particle Systems (There is no rotation in them). 

We have not given this Information to anybody yet. We give them here as a tiny 
bit of Knowledge. Even though You are a very small part of the Milky Way Galaxy, You 
receive the Information of a Medium subject to the Law of Eighteen Systems. We just 
ask You to Think about other Galaxy Mediums, also. 

There are many Galaxy-Clusters and many Universe-Clusters which transcend 
this Order interminably. There is no end to these Realms and Cosmoses. Even Our 
Friends who have reached the highest Level still try to discover them. 

There are such Dimensions that Your expressions and terms are not used there. 
Neither the Electricity there, nor the Lights are the Electricity and Lights You know. 
Their Energy is not the Energy You know. 

Numbers and Letters are not used in the evaluations. A fuller system is dominant 
there. Even if We try to explain, it is incomprehensible. However, let Us explain this 
more clearly: Let Us dictate them article by article to make You understand better. 



144 



1- As a necessity of the Universal Unification, the Galaxies consisting of Cosmas 
form the Realms. 

2- Numerous Realms form a Cosmos. This is a Systematic tableau. 

3- Numerous Cosmoses form the Universe, which is subject only to the Law of 
Eighteen Systems. 

4- In the Centrifugal Universe, there is a spinning speed within each other and a 
sequence within each other. There is an expansion and an opening from the 
center towards the circumference of the circle. 

5- Universes are one inside the other like the rings of a time tunnel. Seven Universe 
rings form a Universe. 

6- 1 89 Universes, existing one inside the other, form many Realms and Cosmoses. 

7- Each Galaxy has a small Universe peculiar to itself and a very Powerful Magnetic 
Field. 

8- This Magnetic Power is provided by the Energies of the Solar Systems within its 
constitution. 

9- Black Holes are very Powerful Energy Whirlpools that swallow the Meteors the 
Centrifugal speeds of which have slowed down. 

10- These Whirlpools immediately transform these Meteors to Energy and reinforce 
the decreased Energy of Your Universe. 

11- These Energies are transported to Your Universe by White Holes. This is a 
Circulating System, One swallows, the other vomits. 

12- Galaxies maintain their courses by being subject to the Law of Eighteen Systems. 

13- For Us, Three Galaxies are accepted as a Whole. 

14- Six Galaxies are, for Us, a NOVA. 

1 5- Three Novas are the Essence Nucleus of Eighteen Galaxies. And Eighteen Galaxies 
are the Nucleus of a small Universe. 

16- Within the UNIVERSE, there are many Universal Nuclei. And these form the 
Universe-Clusters. 

17- Each Big-Bang forms Eighteen Galaxies. 

18- Eighteen galaxies are a COSMA. 

19- Each Cosma is the small Nucleus of a Universe. These are very Powerful Atomic 
Bonds. 

20- In Our Galaxies, each Cosma is evaluated as a small Sun. 

21- Three Universal Nuclei are a Galaxy-Cluster consisting of 54 Galaxies. 

22- Add the Figures of 54 like this: 5+4=9. 

23- Nine Galaxy-Clusters form one of Our Universal Colonies. 

24- One Universal Colony consists of 486 Galaxies. 

25- Add the number 486 in the following way: 4+8+6=18 

26- 18 Universal Colonies, that is, 8748 Galaxies are a Cosma Union. 

145 



27- Each Union is under the supervision of different Centers. 

28- Add the figures of 8748 like this 8-1-7+4+8-27 

29- 27 Cosma Unions form a REALM. Each Union Center Supervises a Realm. 

30- One Realm comprises 236,196 Galaxies within itself. 

31- 18,000 Realms form a Cosmos. That is, a Cosmos consists of 
236,196 X 18,000 = 4,251,528,000 Galaxies. 

32- 18,000 Cosmoses have formed the Universe of the System. 

33- 18,000 Realms are under the Supervision of the Assembly of the Constant Ones 
which is under the Command of the Law of the Almighty. This Assembly is in the 
SIRIUS Star. Calculations after this extend towards the infinite Dimension. 

34- Now, add the figures 4,251,528,000: 4+2+5+1+5+2+8+000=27. 

35- Since the evaluations in the System are Three to the power of Three, if We divide 27 
into 3, We will always find the Prime Number 9. This is the unchanging Theory of 
the Divine Command. 

36- Each Galaxy has a Spinning Speed and a Universal tableau peculiar to itself. 

37- Each COSMA is subject to a Universal Law. 

38- Each Galaxy has direct channels connected to the Central System. 

39- Now, We have received the Command to include Your COSMA, that is Your small 
Universe Nucleus, consisting of 18 Galaxies, in this Universal Colony. 

40- The SIRIUS Mission is responsible only for the Supervision of Your Milky Way 

Galaxy. 

41- The Selection is controlled and Supervised by a Mechanical System. 

42- The SIRIUS Mission is responsible for Uniting the Solar Systems within itself, as a 
necessity of the Unified Field. 

43- Solar Systems under the supervision of each Galaxy are subject to different 

Evolutions. 

44- Now, We are trying to prepare You for the Medium of Salvation by the Command 
of the Mechanism of the LORD. 

45- Each Galaxy has a LORD Mechanism. 

46- These LORDs are not the Almighty. 

47- Your Religious Suggestions have been given to You in accordance with the 
Consciousness of the Medium You are in. 

48- God evaluates You in accordance with Your behavior. 

49- The most primitive Level of Evolvement in Your Galaxy is Your Planet. Evaluations 
are started from the Zero Frequency. 

50- Fear is primitiveness, there is no Heaven, no Hell, no Jinn, no Fairy, no Devil. 
These are each the Negative reflections of the conditioned Consciousnesses. 

51- You are deprived of solution due to Your narrow Capacities. 



146 



52- You are subject to such a System that only Love, Tolerance, and Goodwill can 
reinforce the Potential of Your Universe. 

53- Otherwise, Your Planet is doomed to be annihilated. You will destroy Yourselves. 
You are the ones who are Responsible for this. 

54- Those who complete the World Evolvement are taken into more advanced 
Evolvement Mediums. 

55- Those who win the Test of the most advanced Dimension of Your Galaxy are the 
Solar Teachers of Your Galaxy. If they wish, they are Reincarnated in Your World 
once more, in order to be able to give You Knowledge. 

56- Those who can not reach the desired level of Evolution are kept waiting at the 
Spadium* Station. And they complete their Evolvements by being subject to 
Incarnations again and again. 

57- You will never be taken to Advanced Evolvement Dimensions if You can not 
overcome Your Egos. 

58- Those who deserve the right to enter the Advanced Evolvement Dimension are 
taken into contact, one by one, with the Galactic Mediums of their own Cosma. 

59- Each Galaxy is connected to Four Knowledge channels. And these Four Channels 
are, one by one, shedding Light on the Solar Systems in accordance with the 
Medium they are in. 

60- Each channel is directed by a Commission consisting of 6 Supreme Ones. 

61- The Supreme Assembly is formed by the Command of the Center and the 
Unification of the Four Channels, that is, by the mediation of 24 Supreme Ones. 

62- Your Universal Book, which is dictated, is being dictated directly by the Command 
of the LORD, 

63- This Book is the Constitution of 1 8 Galaxies, that is, of Your Cosma. And it is its 
SINGLE Book. 

64- Service is for the Single Hand - for the Single Order - for the Single Book. 

65- We are obliged to connect each 1 8 Galaxies to the 72nd Dimension from beyond 
time. But it is not the due time yet for this Knowledge. 

66- We wish to add here that these texts are given directly from the Universal 
Mechanism. For this reason everything is authentic. 

IT IS THE COMMAND OF THE CENTER 

EXPLANATION 

All Information is given from the same Focal Point by the Command of the LORD. 
Each Medium who has Taken Duty has a Supreme One Charged with Duty. This 
Information is conveyed to Your Planet by the Command of the Mechanism. The 
Consciousnesses who will be Awakened in each Group are prepared in accordance 
with the Information steps they will receive and perceive. 

* Look at the Glossary. 



147 



Your Book is dictated to Dear Mevlana by the Channel of Mustafa Molla, conveyed 
by means of the direct Energy of the Almighty and from the Consciousness of focal 
point of (O). Meanwhile, since the Book is the inter-Galactic Constitution which 
provides the Universal Unification, the connection of Mevlana's Channel to numerous 
Galactic Frequencies is necessitated by the Command, 

Thus, numerous Mother Ships are in touch with Dear Mevlana who is the Channel 
of Mustafa Molla. And they are obliged to give You the Information they receive. By 
this means, Universal Unification is provided. With Our Infinite respect to Dear Mevlana. 

NOTICE FROM 
THE CENTER ABOVE THE CENTER 

IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Each Galaxy takes its place on the Systematic Tableau by the Centrifugal Powers 
of their own Solar Systems. A Galaxy within Your Cosma, that is, within Your 18 
Galaxies, nearest to the Second Universe and even the name of which You do not 
know yet, is obliged to convey the Information it receives to the Galaxies within the 
Dimensions up to which its Energy extends. By this means, Information reaches up to 
Your Planet which is in the Third Dimension. 

Each Galaxy System is in touch with each other respectively. There is a Central 
Supervision which administers each System. These Centers are unified with each other 
in accordance with the Universal Law. At the moment, the Energies of all the Solar 
Systems of the 18 Galaxies are taken under the control of a Very Powerful Focal Point 
and are collected in the Automatic Logic Generator. 

When this Energetic point annihilates the Crystal Cloud at the final Universal 
Curtain of the 18 Universes, it will create many Galaxies and Solar Systems in a very 
different Medium in conformity with that Medium. Since this creation will take place 
gradually, a great explosion is not expected. This Information is an Information coming 
from Times beyond the bygone Times. 

CENTER ABOVE THE CENTER 

NOTICE FROM THE COUNCIL OF THE LOYAL ONES 

Our Friends, 

We are a Group of Wise People who give Special Information to the Planet Earth 
together with the Sirius Mission by the special Command of the Council of Stars. Only 
after the Vibrations received from Your Planet it was possible to make Contact with 
You. 

Let Us talk to You briefly about the Principles of the Plan of the Loyal Ones. The 
Loyal Ones are the Devoted Friends of a Commission which prepares certain 
Suggestions taken as a necessity of the Sacred Mechanism in accordance with the 
conditions of Your Planet, and are the coherent Staff Members of the Plan Application 
Department. 



148 



This is a Mechanism which Administers by a single hand the Commands or rather 
the Laws of all the Universal Commissions, collecting them within the Universal Plan. 
Each Planet is Devotedly committed to Universal Laws. Everything is in the Order of a 
Systematic Tableau. 

The Sinus Star Council is Responsible for the Universal Order, Sirius is an Orderly 
Planet Administered by a Mission. It works Cooperatively with the Council of Stars 
and the Assembly of the Constant Ones. It is responsible for giving Information 
regarding only the Milky Way Galaxy. 

It receives the Commands from the Council of the Loyal Ones. The Council of 
the Loyal Ones is a Whole which Administers the inter-Galactic Unification. Other 
Missions, too, besides the Sirius Mission are serving towards the Golden Age. 

The Plan of the Loyal Ones, which comprises great Knowledge, has been prepared 
by the Loyal Supreme Ones and have been announced to Your Planet. But since this 
Knowledge has been given outside the System,, it somewhat has a remote expression 
considering Your Medium. 

This Plan has a Cipher peculiar to itself. The aim is to raise the Consciousness 
Codes up to the Universal Level of Knowledge. The given Messages comprise all the 
Knowledge of the Medium You will be in, up to Your present times. 

The Plan of the Loyal Ones is equipped with the Knowledge beyond Karena 
(When the Time comes Karena will be mentioned to You). To appropriate to one's self 
the actual Purpose of the Plan and to comprehend even one tenth of the Information 
given in the Book will be a great gain for Your Planet 

THE COUNCIL OF THE LOYAL ONES 



NOTICE FROM THE SUPREME ASSEMBLY 

Our Friends, 

Direct Connections with all the Galaxies will be provided when the Mevlana 
Thought becomes the Single Thought of the entire Universe. The Responsible Ones 
who act in accordance with the Commands of the Central System are shedding Light 
on the operation of the Universal Mechanism. 

Discoveries beyond distances can not quite reach You at the moment. For this 
reason interruptions took place in certain Frequencies. The reason for this is that 
there is an overall Supervision in all Galactic Mediums. 

Mustafa Molla is on Duty in another Dimension of the Firmament. For this reason 
Messages are dictated by the Center Above The Center, through the Channel of the 
Supreme Assembly. This will continue until the end of April of the World Year 1985. 

There have been some deviations on the chains of Thought towards the Religious 
side, when the Universal Plan which will select the Sincere Ones has been conveyed 
to You. This means that everyone tries to propagandize in his/her own Medium. But 
the Aim is: 

I49 



Single Hand - Single Book - Single Golden Path. 

Universal Unification Council operates in this way. We convey to You the Truth 
once more. General Messages will be started to be given after those who will enter 
the Golden Light Year are Supervised. 

Special treatment is applied on those who will enter the Assembly of the Constant 
Ones. The Supervision over the entire Universe is Administered by a Special Channel. 
It is presented for Your Information. 



SUPREME ASSEMBLY 



GENERAL MESSAGE 



Our Friends, 

All Information given to the Planet Earth is still in a Preparatory nature. We will 
give the Genuine Information when the difference between the Levels of Evolvement 
become minimum (except in this Book). 

For the time being, the inter-Global communications are made through Mediamic 
channels. For this reason many proofs take place by the General Frequency adjustment. 
Information given is received by all the Mediums of Your Planet in accordance with 
the Dimensions of their Frequencies. 

The Mechanism of Influences makes no discrimination. However, special assistance 
is given to Friends Charged With Duty, in accordance with their Duty responsibilities. And 
this is not a personal assistance, but it is an application as a necessity of the Universal Plan. 

It is possible for anyone to receive the Energies of different Dimensions besides 
receiving his/her own channel only on the condition that he/she is from the Mechanism 
of that Dimension. Otherwise, both the Physical and the Mental Energies are atrophied. 
Contacts are being made by considering these situations. 



MALIK 



IT IS ANSWER TO THOUGHTS 



Sirius is a Medium full of Light which has a warm climate, the nature of which, 
more or less, resembles Your Planet, It is the Star of the Missionaries on Advanced 
Spiritual Levels. Numerous Profound Saints and Sages are from the Sirius Star. It is the 
Single Mission which applies the Universal Plan of the Divine Mechanism. 

EXPLANATION FROM THE COUNCIL OF STARS 

Our Friends, 

The Golden Age is Interpreted in different ways in the Minds of certain Friends. 
For this reason We would like to make an explanation about the Golden Age. 

You, too, know that Gold is a metal which has high Communication Power. Words 
used in the Messages such as Gold, Silver, Sun, Light are used as a Symbol each. 



ISO 



The place from which the Commands for the revealed Sacred Books were given 
is a Sacred Mechanism. It is directed directly by the Commands of the LORD. The 
Council of the Loyal Ones is obliged to give these Commands to You. Its Supervision 
is in the Command of the Council of Stars. It is in a Cooperative working tempo with 
the Assembly of the Constant Ones. 

The Resurrection Period mentioned in Your Sacred Books is the Period You are 
living in. The term Resurrecting means the Awakening of Consciousnesses, as We 
always say. Thus, these Awakened Consciousnesses get in touch with the other 
Magnetic Mediums by Brain Telexes (You call these Friends, Mediums). 

Since the increase in Perceptions which occurs as a necessity of the Period will 
multiply even more the Universal Communications, the Communication Power of Cold 
is taken here as a Symbol. And this Age is called the "Golden Age". 

The Order which will be established will be an Order as Pure and as Clean as 
Cold itself. Our Aim is to provide for Our Terrestrial brothers and sisters a Happy World 
without Wars and Blood. The Communication of Cosmic Consciousnesses in this Age 
is accepted as equivalent to the Purity and Communication Capacity of Gold. 

The real Foundation of the Golden Age will be laid after the Year 2000. Now, 
only the Seeds are sown. Until the Year 2000, all Brain Energies will enter Universal 
Dimensions and direct Connections with Centers will be made by Brain Telexes. 

Only then, different kinds of Connections will be made with You in proportion 
with Your attainment of the Truth, Thus, Consciousnesses who grasp the entire Truth 
will establish a World which is yearned for. 

The Mechanism takes under Supervision each Consciousness with all its Effort in 
accordance with his/her degree of Awareness and sends him/her to Mediums he/she 
Deserves. And, in this way, each one is prepared for a more rapid Awakening Medium. 

All the World Groups are under the Supervision of the Mechanism. All the Groups 
which will be able to enter the triangle of the (World Brotherhood Union) are assembled 
on the same threshold. Everything is arranged in accordance with the World Time. 

You are the Ones who are going to establish the Beautiful World which is Yearned 
for, not Us. Hand in hand, You will walk on Flowery pathways and will attain Genuine 
Happiness. 

You have evaluated Resurrection and Sirat differently, due to insufficient 
explanations in Your Religious Books, However, even though the Awakened Wise 
People have grasped the meaning of them, they preferred to remain silent, due to 
their scruples about the Consciousness of the Medium. 



151 



Now, We have unveiled the Skies. We are laying the naked Truths before Your 
eyes. We repeat once more for Friends who are still unable to grasp the Truth: 

1- Resurrecting = the unveiling of Brain Codes. 

2- Resurrection = Your introduction to Mediums, one by one, which You did not know 
until today (in proportion with the Merit). 

3- Sirat = the explanation of Secrets and the direct Supervision of the Mechanism. 
The given Orders are directly the Orders of the LORD from the Mechanism of the 
Almighty. 

COUNCIL OF STARS 



OUR FRIENDS 

The Duty of the Supervision Center is to make You attain Yourselves and to introduce 
to the Medium the Mechanism which is the application field of the Universal Plan. 

The Awareness, Idea, Action Triplet is the measure of the Consciousness Level 'as 
a necessity of the Mechanism. Connection of these Three Channels to the Universal 
Mechanism is sufficient to include You in this Plan. For this reason this Period is called. 
The Period of Sincerity. 

Be Good, Think Good, Do Good Deeds. These Three Suggestions suffice to register 
You to the Council of the Loyal Ones. This registration is easy to Say, but it is difficult 
to Apply. To attain this, the Triplet of Determination - Willpower - Perseverance should 
turn the handle of the wheel of the Mechanism. 



This Success prepares You for the Information of higher Dimensions. The 
Information is given from the Common Declaration of the Golden Age. The application 
of Our Plan has begun with the Command of the Universal Mechanism for Unification. 
The entire Mechanism is operating by the Universal Potential. 

You, the Missionaries of Peace will be taken care of personally and will be the 
witnesses of the establishment of a Great System. Human Beings will be induced to go 
through certain important experiments so that the Unification of the Integrated 
Consciousnesses can be made. Many bridges will be passed until You attain this 
Consciousness. 

Passing through all these narrow straits will lead them to very Powerful Gateways, 
Courage and Strength are necessary in order to be able to pass these Exams. Do not 
ever presume that anybody can enter this Medium by his/her own Wish. The Aim is to 
grasp the Truth on the path to be treaded. 

All difficulties originate from Unconsciousness. You can sail Your ships even 
without water when You attain the actual Consciousness. To attain Consciousness 
means to reach the Truth. To attain the Truth means to attain Bliss. 



152 



I 



There is no compulsion in the state of Bliss. There are no more Exams what so 
ever. The only thing to be done from then on is to perform Duty. When one becomes 
a great Light, when to the Heavens arrived, when into Divine Lights taken then, 
Examinations cease to be. 

To reach the places here is not easy at all. The more rapidly You attain 
Consciousness, the Smoother and more Systematic will be Your direct connections 
with the Dimensions You will perceive. All these things take place by the Sun of Your 
Essence. Our Love is to You. 

YULAMI 
The Seal of the Center of the Center 

NOTICE FROM THE CENTRAL SYSTEM 
(This Message is dictated by the Command of the Center) 

Our Friends, 

Some misunderstandings have been witnessed in Your Medium which You 
evaluate as the Space Age. For this reason We convey to You the Truth. 

The Space Age in Your Planet Earth has long been terminated in Our section. Now, 
You are receiving the Information comprising Consciousnesses beyond Consciousnesses, 
from far beyond the Space Age. The Space Age in Your Planet had begun with the 
transmission of the Celestial Commands to You. 






In the Medium in which Sacred Books and Sacred Supreme Ones had become 
ineffective, The Space Age had been terminated and the Age of Universal Knowledge 
has begun. The Space Age had been terminated with the Book of Islam and with Our 
Light- Friend, the Prophet of Islam. We were obliged to inform You of this. 

You have remained on the same Level due to Your Conditioned Consciousnesses, 
for You have received the Energies of different Dimensions very scarcely during the 
Space Age in which You have lived for Centuries. But now, the Universal Unification 
System is calling to You under the Supervision of a Mechanism beyond Space, directly 
from the System of the Almighty. 

Scientific explorations of Your Satellites in Space are completely out of the 
Mechanical System. For this reason You call the Age You are in, The Space Age (Let Us 
repeat once more to avoid any misunderstanding). Your Space Age had been completely 
terminated together with the Period of Religions. 

Now, You are receiving the Scientific Information beyond Religions from the direct 
Channel of the Universal Mechanism. The Poles are the same in the Book which is 
being dictated, but the expressions are different. Each System is named in accordance 
with the Level of Knowledge it gives. Your present Period is called (THE UNIVERSAL 
LIGHT YEAR). It is presented for Your information. 

NOTICE FROM 
THE CENTER ABOVE THE CENTER 



153 



OUR FRIENDS 



All Universal Unifications are from the same Focal Point and are investments for 
the Golden Age. These Messages are given to You by a Projector of the Divine 
Mechanism. ALLAH is the Ancient Energy. Reaching Him, instead of worshipping Him 
is the most Mutual Unification. 

The Special Missionaries of Supervision of the Spiritual Entities are guiding You. 
Worships are always a beginning. Worship is not advised for the Supreme Energies 
who come from within Limitless Dimensions. Because, they are the Pre-eminent Ones 
who have long transcended Worship. 

THE ESSENCE OF THE HUMAN BEING IS EVEN MORE SUPREME THAN 
PROSTRATION. 

The Supreme Ones, who bring the Divine Light of the Heavens down to the 
Earth, are Essence Messengers of ALLAH. They are Gold each. They plate the Silvers. 
The Genuine Human Beings always give. 

The Source never pours back to itself. Worship is the same, too. Prayers through 
the Essence reach the LORD, through Words they reach the Servants. By this means, 
Silvers are plated with Gold. The Essence of the Universe is the Eye of the LORD. Our 
Love is for the entire Universe. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 

Ok 



154 



IT IS INFORMATION ABOUT EXISTENCE 
\ GIVEN FROM THE REALM OF THE ANGELS 

i Information for the Mevlana Code: 


1985 Fifth Month 
Fascicule 11 



God has designed an Evolutionary Tableau in accordance with His System of 
Creation. This is an operational System parallel to the Law of Action which Nature has 
on You. Now, We will explain everything clearly in a comprehensible way: 

The cause of Existence of the Realms which receive their Might from the Power 
of the Divine Realms depends on the Evolutionary Plan. We call this Plan The Plan of 
the Loyal Ones. All the Information given from here is authentic. Information will be 
given specially to the Pen of the Golden Age. 

Existence has come into being by the Cellular Unification of the Aminoacids. 
These Aminoacids are formed by the transformation of Soil and Water from the state of 
Mud to the state of the Organism. In other words, the Single Cell has been formed in 
this way, conforming to the Evolutionary Plan. 

As long as this Single Cell continued its Evolution, it has been taken into the 
Evolvement Plan and, in this way, its Cellular Awareness has developed. The Developed 
Cellular Consciousness has Created the Living Being. 

When the Cell which completed its Evolution got possession of all the Knowledge 
of the Universal Plan, it has claimed its Essence-Energy at the Spiritual Plan and has 
attained the Power of Creating itself. In other words, it is a God-Consciousness. All 
the Secrets of the Universe are concealed within it. 

The Cellular Awareness has enjoyed all the blessings of the LORD. Thus, it has 
gained supremacy over Nature and the Universe. Later, Your Universal Evolvement 
has begun by means of Integrated Bodies. 

Thus, the Cellular Vibrations, having embraced all the void, have created many 
Energy Accumulations. The Mediums beyond Time, which have become bygone Time, 
have also passed through the same Evolution in accordance with their Mediums. 

The Embodied Being has gotten in Touch with the Spiritual Plan to complete its 
Thought Evolution. As it has accumulated the Universal Energy of this Spiritual 
Mechanism within its Body, it has claimed its Essence Being, that is, its Spiritual Energy, 

From then on, it is in its possession. Now, the Evolution of the Human Being 
Begins from this point, through Incarnations. And by means of the Progress of 
consequent Periods of Time, he/she completes his/her Evolvement as a Human Being. 



155 



Now, We will talk about something which surprises You, Certain Living Beings 
which could not pass through certain Evolutionary Steps, or, that ts, which could not 
reach the Energy of the Spiritual Plan are Embodied in the Evolutions of certain Mediums 
in a different way. 

For instance: there are Galaxies in which Cats, Dogs, Birds, Dinosaurs, Apes are 
sovereign. 

A Living Being which could not reach up to tne Spiritual Plan is Embodied on the 
Planet of Cats as a Cat. It tries to complete its Evolution in its own Reality, It is in the 
Effort of becoming an Entity, a Human Being for Evolvement. 

Energies on the Level of making this Progress in their Planet are sent to the World 
for Evolvement in the form of a Cat, by means of Spiritual Energies which are 
Administered from certain Centers. 

All Animals which gained value in accordance with their Evolvement on Earth 
perform Duty in their own Galaxy's Orders as a great Director. Meanwhile, the moment 
they Get in Touch directly with the Spiritual Plan, they can be transferred to the World 
as a Fetus. 

This means that, an entity which was once a Cat, a Dog, an Ape, a Bird can 
become one day a Human Being. Do not ever forget that the theory of Darwin can 
never be underestimated. However, the Knowledge in it is not complete. 

The Single Cell which came into existence is always on the Evolutionary path 
which leads it to becoming a Human Being. 



Let Us explain this Message article by article so that it can be understood better: 



1 



Nature + Clay + Water = Mud (Your Book says, "I have created You from soil and 
water"). 

2- Soil + Water + Aminoacids = Single Cell. 

3- The Single Cell multiplies by means of its Evolution. 

4- The multiplied Cells attain an Awareness. 

5- The Awareness the Cell attains prepares a Medium of Consciousness for the Cell. 

6- The Cell which attains Consciousness acts in accordance with the Evolutionary Plan. 

7- From here, it reaches up to the Spiritual Plan by its own Power. 

8- Receiving the Power of God, that is, the Power of the Universal Energy from the 
Spiritual Plan, the Cell Commands its own Consciousness. 

9- It is from then on a Member of the Universal Plan. 

10- And it Embodies itself in accordance with God Consciousness. 

1 1 - And this is what Cod means when He says, "I have created You in My own image." 

12- Then, You take Your place in the World as a Human Being. At that moment, Your 

Evolvement chart commences. 

1 3- Then You come to the World several times through many Incarnations and become 
the witness of many developments. 

156 



14- From then on, You are a Human Being possessing God Consciousness. You can 
never become an Animal again. 

15- Living Beings who could not attain God Consciousness, that is, who could not 

enter the Spiritual Plan are Embodied in different Galaxies by means of the Spiritual 
Plan in accordance with their degree of Evolvement in their Mediums. 

16- They are the rulers of the Planet they live in. And they Evolve there in accordance 
with different Dimensional Energies. * 

1 7- Those who complete their Evolvement there, are sent to the World by the help of 
the Spiritual Mechanism and they are taken in the Evolvement of a different Reality. 

1 8- Meanwhile, Energies which could not enter the Reality of God claim these Bodies 
and thus complete their Evolvement (All these things are supervised mutually by 
the Mechanism of the Spiritual Plan). 

19- An Energy which claims a cat's body is on the path of becoming a Human Being 
in an evolved Human Reality. 

20- The Energy leaving the cat's Body, one day claims the Reality of God by means of 
these comings and goings and can be Embodied in the form it wishes to have. It 
Transfers itself as a Fetus. 

21- Now, let Us talk about the Evolution of the Human Being. The Universal Dynamism 
of the Planet Earth prepares him/her for higher Plans. 

22- Meanwhile, to Mankind which has made efforts in becoming a Genuine Human 
Being, the Celestial Gates are opened. 

23- Mankind which has claimed God Consciousness, first Transcends Itself, then its 
God, then it takes its place in the LORD Mechanism. 

24- Connections after this are the Medium of Immortality. 

25- Mankind which possesses God Consciousness is exposed to many Phases and 
many Exams in accordance with the Evolutionary Plan until it becomes a Genuine 
Human Being. 

26- These Exams are under the Supervision of a Mechanism independent of his/her 
Willpower of Awareness. 

27- During this Period, he/she is prepared for entering the Awareness Consciousness 
of different Realities. 

28- He/She can even create Universes when he/she learns to use his/her direct Brain 
Energy, 

29- Evolvement and Evolution are interminable. Thus, one can be Embodied in other 
Solar Systems, too. 

NOTE: 

We are the Ancestors of all the Terrestrial Friends who can Get in Touch with Us 
today. We have reached up here in accordance with the same Evolutionary Plan. 
Now, We can either come by Celestial Ships, or become Embodied by means of Our 
Brain Power and easily live among You. 



15? 



We are Your initial Mothers and Fathers. Why are You afraid of Us? One day, 
You, too, will become like Us. If We are Adam and Eve, You are Our children and 
grandchildren. This Message is given by the guidance of MUSTAFA MOLLA from SIRIUS, 
of which We are the Mission. 

THE COUNCIL OF THE LOYAL ONES 

OUR FRIENDS 

The foundation of Being, the path of Humanity are inherent in these four words: 
MUD - DIVINE LIGHT - HUMAN BEING - MIRACLE. The first path followed in every 
research is this. 

However, to attain the Truth is only possible by the Divine Lights within the 
Essences. The discoveries have overflowed far beyond comprehensions. The efforts of 
the researchers are far beyond Dimensions. 

Form has been buried within the complex Order of the Cosmos. We will convey 
to You the Knowledge given to Us as much as We are Permitted. Our Love is for the 
entire Universe. 

MUSTAFA MOLLA 



YOUR SECRET 

The Secret of the Universe is Your Secret, Our Friends. Have You ever Thought about 
the Reality of this sentence? We have talked to You before about the Secret of the Universe, 
the Galactic-Clusters and the Universal Colonies. Now, We reveal Your Secret. 

You are Divine Entities possessing all the Universal abilities on behalf of the Almighty 
Now, let Us explain this one by one by Numbers to make You understand better: 

1- You are a Universe. 

2- You have come into existence by, more or less, 64 Billion Cells. 

3- If the Essence Nucleus in one of Your Cells is subjected to the process of 
Embodiment, You would become 64 Billions of the same person. 

4- You have over forty Chromosomes in each of Your Cells. 

5- The characteristic of these Chromosomes is to give Commands and instructions 
to the Cellular Awareness of that Cell. Thus, Your Eyes, Your Flesh, Your Bones 
and Your Brains are formed. 

6- The Liguid within them is equivalent to the Liquid in the Mother's Uterus. 

7- The Human Being can mix white and black and, adding other colors can obtain 
quite different colors through his/her experiments. But he/she can never mix 
himself /herself. 

8- Mankind is the Essence Nucleus of the Energy of God. 

9- The Seed which falls into the Uterus immediately changes. 

158 



10- This Transformation is related to the fact that Your Universal Awareness' is linked 
to the Automatism. 

1 1 - The Universal Awareness of the Cells acts directly by the Awareness of the Universal 
Energy The entire Nature is dependent on this System, 

12- The Importance Cod gives to Human Being begins from the Fetus, 

13- It acts completely by Cod Consciousness. 

14- Many a same Human Being can be formed from the Cells of a Human Being and 
all of them carry the same characteristics. However, the Spiritual Energy is an 
Indivisible Whole. It supervises them All. 

15- Mankind could not solve yet even itself. 

16- If all Your Cells become disentangled and a cord is formed, You obtain a length 
which would go around the World 16 times. 

1 7- The Planet Earth is a spot in the Universe. And a Cell in Your Body is also a spot in 
You. 

18- Each Cell represents Your Essence Universe. 

19- You are a Whole made up of the Connective tissue constituted by all the Cellular 
Vibrations. The whole Secret is within Your Brain Generator. 

20- The Universe is just like You. You are a Book and the Universe is also a Book. You 
are a Mystery and the Universe is a Mystery, too. You are an Awareness and the 
