the Loyal Ones and the Assembly of the Stars from the Dimension of Sirius. 

60- This Book, which will provide the Religious Unification, is the KNOWLEDGE BOOK 
of the GOLDEN AGE. 

61- Through this Book We Call to Humanity. 

62- We are Patient - Determined - Powerful, 

63- We are connecting all the Channels, which are beyond Nine Lights, to a Single 
Focal Point. 

64- The Applied field of the Commands is the Divine Plan. The Commands are from 
, the Single Hand, the Single Word, 

65- During difficult conditions, We have gotten in touch with You by the Command 
to help Your Planet. 

66- Now You, too, are a Member of the Universal Unification Council. 



199 



67- There is no need for Detail in the given Information. The Goal is the Essence of the 
Book. 

68- Cooperation is the Unification of Powers. 

69- Information is given from the direct channel, from the direct applied field of the 
plan. 

70- This Message is dictated article by article so that it can be understood well. 

COUNCIL 
NOTICE FOR THE PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 

1- In the selections which will be made from now on, those who are the establishes 
of the Group will be the permanent Members of that Group. 

2- Always high Consciousness Levels will be sent to Your Group. 

3- These high Consciousnesses will help the Friends who have not yet attained 
Cosmic Awareness, but who are Good-Willed. 

4- Your Group is in the Protection Medium in every way. No negative Factor can 
ever enter there. Supervision is made from the Center. 

5- The special Cosmic Currents given to the Group are given by doses according to 
the capacity of each person. They never get agitated in anyway. 

6- These given Powerful Currents destroy the Negative Currents and due to this, 
they prepare a Medium of Healing. In time, those who are Sick are Healed. 

7- Over-Awareness studies and direct communications are made in the Group- 
s' Those who are Missionaries should be Self-sacrificing in the distribution of 

the Messages. 

9- No one should blame, criticize anyone else. 

10- Light will be shed on Your patfi in proportion with the investments You make into 
the Golden Age, Otherwise, Frequencies are cut off, codes are closed. 

11- The period of self-amusement is over. Time is very Narrow. 

12- The Messages will be read by everyone and Truth will be attained. 

13- We will always Help Our Missionaries who will reap the rewards. 

14- The World Year 1986 will receive both Learning and Divine Knowledge from the 
Anatolian Channel and the Universal Knowledge Book will be a light for everyone. 

15- Unification has been resorted in all the Groups of the World. Operations will be 
accelerated. 

16- The Social Consciousness in the entire World will be prepared for more Advanced 
Dimensions. 

17- Selections will be made according to the Levels of Consciousness in the Groups 
and Focal Points will be established. 



200 



18- The Year 1986 is reserved for the Unification of Istanbul. A Focal Point will be 
established. Note: (The Istanbul Focal Point is established). 

1 9- The Year 1 987 is reserved for the Unification of Konya, A Focal Point will be 
established. 

20- The Actual Universal Mission of Mevlana Essence Nucleus Group within the World 
Brotherhood Union will begin after the Izmir - Istanbul - Konya Triangle is 
established and the Unification of the World will be accelerated. 

21- Direct operations will be made with Our Friends in these Focal Points. 

22- The Mevlana Essence Nucleus Group is the Actual Focal Point. The Fan will be 
opened from here. 

23- All the Efforts made are pertaining to the Salvation of You, Our Human brothers 
and sisters. £ 

24- Please, Think profoundly on the matter that there must be a reason for working in 
such a speedy tempo. The day when the Heavens will be opened is very near. 

25- Our Efforts and Your Efforts are never in vain. 

26- The Proof of everything is present within Time. 

27- We are involved with each of You, one by one. In every breath You take, Your 
chains of Thought are coded by computers. 

28- The reason why We tell You all this is for You to work in a more serious tempo. We 
give service to each person in accordance with his/her Thoughts. 

29- Consciousness, Responsibility, Endeavour are given priority in the Medium of 
Mission. 

30- During the difficult conditions Your World will experience, first the Missionaries 
and then We will help You. You, too, take some Responsibility, please. 

31- Your Ancient World is on the threshold of Difficult Developments. The last 
repentance is of no avail. 

32- Our goal is not to frighten You, but to convey to You the Truth. We had notified 
You about these days Years ago. Famines, Earthquakes, Typhoons are the results 
of Your Space operations. The crust of Your World may crack. 

33- Your Planet is on the process of changing an axis, at the moment. When the time 
comes, You will comprehend better the degree of truth of these writings which 
are dictated. During Periods of Famine, Artificial fogs will be applied. Time will 
tell You what Genuine Friend and Friendship are. 

TRANSMISSION FROM THE CENTER 



>01 



1986 Second Month 
Fascicule 14 
BRIEF INFORMATION ABOUT THE GOLDEN ACE 

Our Friends, 

The Cosmos is an intricate skein. Each Living Entity is obliged to live its Destiny, 
with its Goodness, its Badness, its Beauty and its Ugliness. Until it is Integrated. 

The events experienced in every Period are perpetually repeated in this intricacy. 
This is the reason why in each experienced event You, more or less, find Yourselves a little. 

Every event is a knot which helps You to attain Yourselves. And to untie the knots, 
one by one, is the Predestination of Your Destiny Plan. Some untie these knots very 
quickly; and some are quite constrained. 

This is what You call Destiny. And Your Destiny functions parallel to Your Evolution. 
In this Period, such a System has been implemented that the First and the Last Destinies 
are clamped together to Integrate the halves. 

And in this way, the Evolution history of Your Planet is mingled within Centuries. 
Due to this, in Your Society, Styles of Living which You were not habituated to until 
today are exhibited. 

In future, You will comprehend that all these procedures are for Your own good. 
During this Period, not the limited, but the Free Consciences have a say 

Free Consciences are those who have seen the Divine Light formerly They are 
free from all bondages and have taken Themselves in Their Own Hands. And they 
serve Society through their Essence Consciousnesses. 

The Light of such a Conscience is an Undimmed Torch which will Shed Light 
Eternally These very Conscience/ will be the Undimmed Consciousnesses of the Golden 
Age by destroying all the malice, one by one. 

Such an Age will be reached and such Efforts which You do not know of are 
made for it to arrive that, in future, You will not be able to either Think or Do any 
Malice even if You want to. 

And in Future such a Maturity will be reached that, because Your Conscience 
and Your Consciousness will be weighed on the same pair of Scales, You will feel Love 
and Respect for a blade of Grass and even for a particle of Sand. 

For this reason, We search and find one by one, by Special Systems those who 
are Purified. 

The characteristic of the Period of Resurrecting is that the Spiritual Energies, by 
attaining a great Potential, will search and find their equivalent Frequencies and will 
achieve Wholeness by attracting them towards themselves. 

For this reason, those who are on the same Thought Dimension are assembled 
in the same Focal Point and the rest are kept separate. These Selections cause changes 
and divisions both in Family and in Business Mediums. 

202 



Due to this, the habitual Orders are annihilated and Age differences between 
Generations occurred. For this reason, great vortexes in the life of Society take place. 
The same Consciousness Levels are assembled in the same Frequency and thus, the 
Cosmic Selections are made more quickly. 

At present, even if this secret System causes some upheavals in Social Mediums, 
in actuality, those which occur are for Your own good. You'will see the Positive aspects 
of this System in Your future Lives. ,_ 

Fears and Unhapptness are the hindrances on Your way. Due to this fact, servant 
has been the servant of a servant until today. But, from now on everyone will be his/ 
her own Servant. And, in Future, Humanity will have the Consciousness of what to do 
in the Light of the Truth. 

Such an Age is being tried to be established that in such a Medium even a little 
bit of Negativity will annihilate itself and everyone will live together, hand in hand, 
like brothers and sisters, with Luminating Consciences. This is what is called Salvation. 
We are trying to help You with all Our Power, Our Friends. 

Our Universal Law is based on Happiness, Love, Beauty and Self-sacrifice. 
Unhappiness is the greatest factor which hinders Progress. The Order acts in accordance 
with this View. 

In Mediums where there is r/> Self-sacrifice, there is no chance for Happiness to 
survive. To expect rewards for Your deeds will close the doors of Happiness for You. 

All Your Religious Books have taken You into the Evolvement Plan by talking to 
You about Fraternity, Love, and Friendship until today. 

A lot of Our Terrestrial brothers and sisters will see in future, with unveiled 
Awareness, what is controversial at present for their conditioned Consciousnesses and 
will attain the Truth. Our Love is upon the entire Universe. 



NOTICE FROM THE CENTER 



GENERAL MESSAGE 



Our Friends, 

The Universal Unification is achieved by Common Laws. Information is given in 
the name of the Divine Command. The Knowledge Book is dictated by this means. 
We, by means of Evolutionary Rules, apply the Command of the Plan. 

All the experienced events are nothing but the reflections of the Universal 
operations on Your Planet. One day, the Human Beings of Your Planet will possess all 
of the abilities through Transformation. 

One day, Due to Special Engraftment Systems which are applied on the Genes 
sown in Your Planet, those who live on Earth will be able to live comfortably on other 
Galaxies and Solar Systems without the need of having any gradual Engraftments 
applied to their Frequencies and Dimensional Energies. 



20: 



This Engrattment will first be applied on the Essence Genes in Space Medium 
and then these Genes wilt be Incarnated in Your Planet and then the same procedure 
will find an application field in Your Medium. Do not forget that the Skies are opened 
and the Knowledge is spread. The Physical and the Spiritual transformations taking 
place in the Universe reflect immediately on Your Planet. 

The Awakening Consciousnesses can easily attract the Information to Your Planet 
from whichever Energy Dimension to which they adapt their Frequencies. Your Mediarnic 
Age has started in this way. However, the Special Information is given by Permission. 

For the survival of Your Planet We have given priority to the most necessary 
Knowledge by preference. In future, You will receive explanations from quite different 
Dimensions. Please, wait. 

NOTICE OF THE CENTER TO THE CENTER 

SPECIAL MESSAGE FOR SOCIAL CONSCIOUSNESS 

Our Friends, 

Now, We wish to talk to You more open hearted ly. We know that the Genuine 
Friend is the one who does not smile at You with Hypocrisy and who relates the Truth 
with an open Heart. But Our Human Brothers and Sisters, with their Egos and Laziness of 
not wanting to Worry Themselves in their Essence, have turned their backs to these good 
deeds until today and have assembled around themselves an empty and flattering Medium. 

This is the picture of Your Planet's underdeveloped state. For Centuries, a lot of 
Messages have been given to You, either by Your^rSacred Books, or by Aphorisms 
descending from Your Ancestors. By this means, Meals with every kind of nutrition in 
them have been presented to You. However, You have eaten only those You have 
liked and thrown the others into the garbage. 

Centuries ago, a Message had been given to You. You were told that "it was a 
Sin to leave food uneaten in Your Plates'". You have understood this saying literally, in 
its economic View. That part of the Message is also good, but does not signify the 
Genuine Meaning of the saying. 

If You had Thought profoundly about the Genuine Meaning of this saying even 
for a moment, You would have grasped the Truth long ago. Because every word 
implies at least three Messages. You have understood the meaning of what You had 
been told only superficially. You did not want to tire Your Minds. Due to this fact, You 
could not receive the Real Messages contained in those sentences. 

For this reason, the Ciphers of both Your Sacred Books and Your Ancestral Aphorisms 
have remained locked until today. Now, We attract You to the depths of Thought by 
unveiling them, one by one. The taste of Food cooked by a Thinking Mind is beyond 
any expectations. And those who taste it do not desire to eat anything else. 

Our last word to You is: Read, Read, Read; Think, Think, Think. Eat and digest all the 
Food placed in Your plates. If You do not leave even a tiny bit in Your plates, You will then 
attain the truth. And You will understand what Sin and what Meritoriousness are. 

MALIK 



204 



GENERAL MESSAGE 

Our Friends, 

Number Seven plays a great part in the Universal Unification. The Prismal Order 
is reinforced by Universal Energies. Once Every Seven Centuries, Universal Equilibrium 
is put into Ordinance by Solar winds and Galaxy signals which are Natural Energies. 

Even though the Zodiac Units are a Natural System, their deviations are adjusted 
by the calculations made. During these Special Periods, a Transformation takes place 
among all the Living Stratum in the Universe. The ready Consciousnesses are unveiled 
in accordance with their Capacities. 

Now, We can communicate with You very easily, due to the advanced Technology. 
Our System has been Programmed in such a way that it can respond to the Signals of 
the Awakened Consciousnesses. We transmit to You the Truth and all the Information 
in this way. 

According to the zodiac measurements, the Birth of Our Light Friend JESUS CHRIST 
had started the Christian Era. During the Passage from the Sixth Century to the Seventh 
Century, the Book of Islam has been revealed to Your Planet and has been dictated to 
Our Light Friend MOHAMMED MUSTAFA. 

During the passage from the Thirteenth Century to the Fourteenth Century, the 
greatest Sufis, Islamic Mystics, Poets and Musicians flourished. 

These were the Turning Point Centuries. And now, During the passage from the 
Twentieth Century to the Twenty First Century, there will be a great System change. 
For this reason, We are relating to You the entire Truth as the Divine Command of THE 
LORD. Our Love is for the entire Universe. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P, G. A. 



NOTE: 

Group Friends have asked the characteristic of Number 7. We were connected 
to the Information Transmission Center by the Command of the Center and the 
following Message has been given: 

Special numbers used in calculations made since the time of the coming into 
Existence of the Firmament until today, project only the Natural Order of certain 
Dimensions. These Special numbers are the unchanging Numbers of the Atomic 
structure of the Centrifugal Universe. 

The unchanging Essence of the Atomic structure depends on the Prime number 
7. The Galactic Systems are subject to the Eighteen-Universe Law. Its Prime number is 
9. Its root is the Cube of Three. 



105 



Both these Systems create the unbreakable Whole which complements each 
other by revolving one inside the other. Their Revolving periods are based on the 
Ordinance of 7. 

Now, add the Eighteen-Universe Law and the 7 Atomic Bond: 18+7=25. Add 
this number, too: 2+5=7. This very Number 7 is the Unchanging Theory of the Atomic 
Unity. And each Atomic Bond is the projector of the 7 Prisma! Orders. Let Us give an 
example: 

1. The Knowledge of Seven Terrestrial Layers = Means Enlightenment and Evolvement. 

2. The Knowledge of Seven Celestial Layers «= Means Learning and Education. 

3. The Knowledge of Seven Universal Layers^ Means Order and Ordinance. 

In this Ordinance, Information is conveyed from 7 Sections, in accordance with 
the Order of the System. And this Information extends interminably (until infinity). 
For now, what is necessary for You is this Three-channel Knowledge. 

Number 7, as We said before, is the unchanging Theory of the Atomic Bond. 
The Centrifugal Universe is the projector of a Prismal O/der. All Atomic Unifications 
depend on the root of 7. 

Now, multiply 7 by 7. It equals to 49. Add the two numbers: 4+9=1 3. This number 
13 is an Atomic Whole. It can not be divided in any way This is a Universal Ordinance. 

Each Order is subject to a Program. The Secret of the Universe is Your Secret, Your 
own Cells are also subject to the same Ordinance. Because You, too, are a part of the 
Universe. 

For now, We will stop this Message here. Later, We will unfold the Message 
more for You to understand it better. 

CENTER 
THE ATOMIC WHOLE 

We are explaining the previous Message for You to understand it better: 

For example, take a crystal sphere which has 7 facets on it in Your hands and, 
now, think and apply the things We are going to tell You on this form. 

Now, assume that every facet of this crystal sphere is a triangular prism and join 
all their sections in the central Focal Point of the sphere. Take 7 of these small crystal 
spheres and collect them all in one crystal ball. Now, this is an Atomic Whole. 

Each Whole is a Nucleus of Mighty Energy. This is an Essence and around each 
Essence collect many more Essences to form the Atomic hive of the Universe. Now, 
draw a three sided pyramid as an open diagram: 



206 




Now, numerate each focal point and add these 
numbers. 

1 +2 + 3+4 + 5 + 6 + 7 = 28 

If the focal sum of a triangular prism is 28, calculate 
the sum of 7 prisms. 

28 X 7 = 196. 7 prisms make an Atomic ball of 
1 96 local points. Now, add the numbers 1 96. 

1 +9 + 6=16. Now, add these numbers, too. 
1 + 6 -7. This very 7 is an Atomic Whole. It is an 
Essence, it is a Nucleus. 



Now, accept these 7 Essences as a crystal ball. Calculate the Focii of 7 Essences 
if one Essence has 196 Focii: 

196 X 7 = 1 372. This means, 7 Essences is a crystal ball of 1 372 Focii. Now, add 
all these numbers: 

1+3 + 7 + 2 = 13. The actual Ordinance is the reflection on the entire Universe 
of the Whole which is up to this Unification point. 

Note: You can explain the 196 Focii Number You have found, in the following 
way, too. Number 9 in Number 196 is the Prime number of the Galactic System. 
Now, if You add 1 and 6, it equals to 7. And this is the Prime Number of the 
Atomic Structure. We have previously explained it. These two Systems, revolving 
one inside the other, form the Atomic Bond. It is presented for Your information. 



CENTER 



4, 



SPECIAL MESSAGE 



Mankind desires to solve itself with the help of a Mechanical tableau. 
However, it is deprived even of searching for the fundamental cause of the Natural 
Formation. Scientific enterprises will find their future places way beyond Learning. 

The Integrated Consciousnesses will dominate the Entire Evolutionary System. 
The Solar Systems which will triumph oven the entire Cosmos will do the selections 
by a single hand as a necessity of the Unified Field. 

Revolution in Art, Love and Knowledge occurs by the Grace of Allah. The 
Source of all Knowledge is the spring of the ARTUNUs. Revolution in Religion and 
Consciousness means Revolution in God-Consciousness, too. Mankind will be 
able to comprehend this Message only after the Year 2000. 



TORA 



Note: The Ancestors of the ARTUNUs had lived in Mercury. 



207 



THE FOCAL POINT OF MIGHTY ENERGY 



(+) °° 

UNIVERSE 



'■!"" V ■:".'!!." ■:■:■■ 



'''''Hiiiiiiiiiiir'' 





oo 



(-) 

UNIVERSE 



» 



THE ACTUAL ENERGY FOCAL POINT 

First, let Us calculate the Energy Focal Point. And leave the explanation until 
later. Add, one by one, the external big triangles of the star above. 

1 +2 + 3+4 + 5 + 6 = 21. And, now, add the central triangles of both of the Universes: 

12 + 9 = 21. Add separately, the small triangles of the Positive Infinite Universe and 
the Negative Infinite Universe: 

7 + 11 - 18 (Positive Infinite Universe) 

8 + 10 = 18 (Negative Infinite Universe) 

Now, add all the above numbers: 

21 + 21 + 18 + 18 a 78. And if We divide this by 2, We find 39. 

Now, add this number. 3 + 9 = 12. 

If We add -the Single- (One of One), i.e., One to this number, We find 12 + 1 =13. 

This is the Essence Focal Point. The operational Ordinance of the Supreme Assembly 
is also the same. Later, We will explain it, too. Now, let Us explain the Mighty Energy 
focal Point. 



208 



Note: We divide the above number 78 by 2, because there are two triangles, 
right side up and upside down, which constitute the Star. 

The Energy root of the Focal Point is the Peak Energy of the two Opposite Universes. 
This is the Mighty Energy. In the above diagram, the two Opposite Universes, by 
separating the Energies of the Mighty Focal Point, constitute the Atomic Whole and 
create the Positive Infinite Universe and the Negative Infinite Universe. 

The Spiral Sound Vibrations constitute the Molecular Whole of the Two Energy 
Focal Point by their Vibrations (These Vibrations are the Frequency of LA). In the Actual 
Focal Point of the Mighty Energy, Positive and Negative Energies, together with the 
Spiral Vibrations, exist all together as a Whole. 

These Two Opposite Universes, by separating the Energies there, distribute them 
until Infinity from different directions. Meanwhile, the Spiral Vibrations, the origin of 
which is unknown, act as a Catalyst to constitute the Atomic Whole. 

Note: The Energies mentioned here are not the same as Your Electrical Power. 
We have explained the Focal Point as Positive and Negative for You to understand. 
These two Opposite Universes mentioned above, are Matter + Energy which causes 
Biological transformations beyond the Universal Energy which You know, You have 
found and You live in, and there is a Third kind of Energy beyond Matter which Unifies 
them. We call it Anti-Matter. At present, the discoveries have brought Us to this point. 



h 



(This Message was given from the direct channel ALTONA. 
to write it in 1986). 

SPECIAL EXPLANATION FROM THE CENTER 



And We were asked 



We unfold the Message a little more, for you to understand it better. Now, Think 
of two magnets standing back to back, the poles of which are open. 

The two poles are radiating Energy to the space and the Spiral Vibrations which 
join the Energy Molecules at the Focal Point are, as if, binding these Energies with a 
Tie by acting as Catalysts, so that they will not be scattered and be lost in space. 

Those which hold the Atomic Whole of the entire Universe together are these 
Vibrations. The Main Focal Point of the Vibrations beyond these two (U) Universes, 
which are evaluated in accordance with the Ordinance of Capillary Vessels, are still 
investigated. 

If We evaluate the Information You have just received in accordance with Your 
Planet's Light Year (write, please): 



209 




THE ENTRANCE CHANNELS INTO THE ATOMIC WHOLE ARE SIX 




MIGHTY ENERGY 
FOCAL POINT 




(+) oo 



c 



(-)oo 

000.000.000.000.000.000.000.000.000.000.000 




Question: I would like to have the explanation of the numbers and the stars, please. 

Answer: The numbers are evaluated as Light Years and the Stars as Star Years. Let Us 
explain a little more. According to Our measurement Units, Three Light Years constitute 
a Whole. 

Eleven Wholes are 33 Light Years and Your Sacred Books are revealed from this 
Dimensional Energy. 

19 Star Years is the distribution field of the Atomic Energy Focal Point. This is 
called the Universal Whole. 

The Mighty Energy Focal Point is replenished by Six different Channels. These 
Channels are opened to the Positive Infinite and the Negative Infinite. 

The Actual Focal Point of Spiral Sound Vibrations which come from beyond these 
Six Channels, can not be determined yet. Operations on this field is continued. It is 
presented for Your information. 

CENTER 
IT IS INFORMATION ON PRAYERS 

The Power which holds the entire Cosmos together is Energy. And it is the Essence- 
Nucleus of that Energy. Everything depends on its Power. These Energies attain value 
according to their degrees of Powerfulness. 

Each Substance carries an Energy Equivalent to the Frequency of the Medium to 
which it belongs. A Rock disintegrates by the Energy of the Sun, becomes sand, dust 
and earth. A blade of Crass grows through Energy, flourishes and when its Energy is 
exhausted, it withers and is transformed into another kind of Energy. 

Every Living Entity completes its Evolution being subject to Incarnations and the 
Law of Graduation. Each Evolution prepares You for the Medium of being able to 
receive more Powerful Energies. Since the Existence of the Cosmos, the process of 
Evolution goes on interminably in this way. This is a Natural Circulation. 

210 



In the entire Cosmos, Energies who come from beyond the time Immemorial, 
that is, the very ancient Incarnations, are always more Powerful and Forceful than the 
Energies of the Medium to which they belong. These Energies who are more Powerful 
than You, have always influenced You until today and the Saints and the Prophets 
have guided You on the path of Religion in this fashion. 

And You, in accordance with Your Capacities, attract the Cosmic Energies from 
certain fields of Influence, with the Power of Your Brain Generators. Your Religious 
Books and the Prayers within them are nothing but Means which cause You to complete 
Your Evolutions without being agitated, by habituating You to certain Dimensional 
Energies according to the Law of Graduation. 

These Energies are prepared according to the Consciousness of the Medium 
under the Supervision of certain Powers. The Religious Books had been revealed to 
You under the Control of a certain Channel, so that these Energies would not agitate 
You, and that channel is the Powerful Channel of ALPHA. 

It has been mentioned before, the Focal Energy which You call Kible, is constant. 
However, this Focal Point is deviating towards North due to the revolving of Your 
Planet around its Axis. Each Living Entity enters different Energy Fields in accordance 
with his/her Consciousness and is Supervised by that Dimension. However, anything 
done Unconsciously will always cause sorrow and disappointment. 

For, Information given from unsupervised channels will always lead You to 
depression, if they are more powerful than Your Physical and Cerebral Energies. 
Therefore, do not drown Yourselves in Muddy Waters. We advise You not to Scatter 
the Freguencies of Your Essential Energies with many Prayers and Bead Telling. 

Those who are not ready are Supervised, being subject to the Law of Graduation, 
under the Special Supervision of the Center. During this Final Period, which You call the 
Period of Resurrecting, the Cosmic Beams are given in gradual Doses to Your Planet. 

We are endeavoring to make everyone to attain a certain Consciousness. For 
this reason, the Channel of ALPHA is kept shut for certain Consciousness for the time 
being. Because, the Powerful Channel of ALPHA, through which the Religious Books 
had been revealed, has been opened to the Dimensions beyond Religion in which 
much more Powerful Energies are present. 

Each Society has attained a Religious Fulfilment by the Religious Knowledge it 
had received and has reached a certain Consciousness. This very Consciousness conveys 
You, without any shocks, beyond /the Energies carried by the Sacred Books. 

At this moment, Mevlana Anatolian Channel is a direct Channel of Protection. 
Those who are under this Roof receive, by the help of the established System, the 
Energies from the Universal Dimensions in a limited dose, according to their needs 
and are not agitated. 



1 1 




At present, Your Universe has entered a great Radiation field. And We are 
habituating You gradually to these Cosmic Beams under the supervision of the 
established Systems. Your Planet carries on its life in this way./ 

Consciousnesses who go outside the field of Supervision, in a state of 
bewilderment, go outside the influence of this Law of Graduation by different Prayers 
and Bead Tellings which carry the Energies of many fields, and by this way, They augment 
the Power of the Energies given in Doses with the Energies to which their constitutions 
are not yet habituated to and as a result, they are agitated. 

During this Period, if You could not have completed Your Evolution until now 
through Incarnations, We make You complete the Evolvement of Thousand Years in 
One Year, by preparing You through numerous occasions for the Dimensional Energy 
of this Evolvement Medium. 

These Energy loadings agitate those who are not used to them. But the Currents 
which are under the Supervision of the Divine Plan take You under the Protection 
Medium. What We call Religious Consciousness or Religious Fulfilment is the 
habituation of Your Constitutions to the Energies of the Energy Dimension from which 
the Sacred Books had been revealed. 

After You are habituated to those Energies, Worships do not cause You to attain 
anything. Because, You are submerged in Energies beyond Religion which are found 
in Higher Dimensions. 

For this reason, Religious Mediums have gained speed in every continent (because 
of this preparation). At this very stage, Dear Mevlana has collaborated with Us and is 
preparing her Terrestrial brothers and sisters for the Salvation Medium in this way. 

The country which is called the Land of Eagles is the Country of AMON. And it 
carries the Waves of the Golden Light Years. Only the Supreme Consciousnesses who 
can receive these Waves are accepted in the Mevlana Essence Nucleus Group. And 
preparations for Salvation are made in this way. Our gratitude to Her and to Our 
Friends is infinite. Our Love is for the entire Universe. 

SPECIAL NOTICE OF THE CENTER 



Note: 

The Fascicules distributed prepare You for the same Medium in the entire World 
by the Energies they carry. However, their distribution is under the Supervision of the 
Plan and the Center. They are given only to those who Deserve them. And these 
people shed Light on their Terrestrial Brothers and Sisters in this way. 
It is presented for your information. 



12 






IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION ABOUT OBSESSION 

Our Friends, 

Our Human brothers and sisters do not even know yet what is meant by 
Obsession. That is why it became necessary to explain it. Now, We will tell You about 
certain characteristics of this Last Period: 

In accordance with the Plan, first, a Person from his/her Family Medium who 
comes from the same Gene, and who had been Exalted, helps the Friend who is going 
to be prepared for Awakening. If there is no one like this in the Family Medium, the 
closest Frequency to the Frequency of the one who is going to be trained, gets in 
touch with him/her (This is his/her Duty). 

If a Supreme Entity who is charged with Duty is transferred to Your Planet, a 
Supreme One from the Mechanism helps him/her. His/Her assistance is in the direction 
of guiding him/her in the work he/she has to do. Each Supreme person has a Supreme 
One charged with Duty. 

The themes of the Religious people with whom they are sympathized are used 
to Reinforce and to give Confidence to the Consciousnesses who are going to be 
Awakened from the Normal Dimensional Frequency. For this reason, the Great Names 
used deceive You. 

The Consciousnesses who are taken into the Awakening Medium by this means, 
later, are made Conscious slowly, in accordance with the Law of Graduation. But if 
the Awakening occurs late, that is, if Realization does not reach Logic, some deception 
and deceiving Shocks are applied in this Medium. 

These Shocks are the guiding Methods of certain Energies which are in the 
Spiritual Plan. This state continues until You overcome this Shock and reach the 
filtration of Logic. Some overcome these Shocks quickly, some late and some never 
(Supreme Awarenesses are exempt from these Shocks). 

In some of the undeveloped Awarenesses these Shocks cause the blowing of a 
Fuse, and You consider these people Psychiatrically ill, Mad or Obsessed. This is a very 
thin wall which separates Madness from Wisdom. You either demolish that Wall and 
pass to the other side or You are crushed under that wall. 

All these Phenomena are always controlled by one Dimension Above Yours. If 
the person does not progress on this path of Awakening, he/she is left alone with his/ 
her Destiny Plan. We are not concerned with him/her any more in his/her present life 
and he/she continues to live his/her normal life. He/She is taken into the applied field 
in his/her next Incarnation. 

It is the factor of Doubt which protects the Powerful Awarenesses and Will-Powers. 
To Believe blindly in something is detrimental rather than beneficial. First, the Brain is 
made to function and its Battery is emptied, then, it is charged and by means of this 
System, You reach Advanced Sources of Knowledge by the Help of Doubts. 



213 



This Is a System of Evolution. Your gain is Your Awareness and Your Realization. 
In every Medium of Quest, if one gives priority to Logic, there will not be any agitations- 
Some circles accept the Awakening Shocks of a person who is in the Medium of Seeking 
as an Obsession. 

In this Final Period, since all the Consciousnesses are awakened gradually, in 
accordance with the Law of Graduation, under the supervision of a certain Medium, 
what You call Obsession is almost eliminated for the time being (genetic defects are 
not included in this subject matter). 

The effect of Shock on the Consciousnesses who can not be Awakened quickly is 
not Obsession. Later, We will mention this subject in more detail. Because, Your 
Planet will be under the influence of more Powerful Currents in later years. 

For this reason, each person, either close to You or not, will assume his/her 
Genuine personality and thus, will exhibit his/her Essence. 

At present, as a necessity of the Plan, the Permission to reveal her Identity is 
given only to Dear Mevlana. This is necessary for the Knowledge Book which is dictated. 
However, this Revelation is delayed for the time being in conformity with her desire. 
Our Love is upon the entire Universe. 

CENTER ABOVE THE CENTER 

"SERVICE TO HUMANITY IS MADE THROUGH LEARNING AND SCIENCE 
SERVICE TO UNIVERSES IS MADE THROUGH THE MIND AND THOUGHT" 

This place here is the Universal Mechanism. The alterations in the Suggestions 
which would have been given from the Golden Star have been taken behind the 
Dimensions by the Command coming from the Land of Loving Ones. This is the Area 
in which the curves are available. 

The Waves which will never agitate You will now be sent to You directly from the 
Golden Light Year. The Supervision of the Group is transferred to the direct Channel. 
You are under the Sacred Security of the Golden Light Year. 

We give the Energies of all the Dimensions from the Center under Supervision. 
We Unify all the Frequencies by supervising all the Groups in Your Planet. Unification 
is achieved by Universal Laws. Now, Separations are brought to an end. We are 
selecting, one by one, the Friends who will be taken into Salvation. 

This is the Land of AMON who holds the Golden Key of the Golden Light Year in 
his hands. All the Doors which will be opened to You are opened by this Channel. 
The Might from GOD, Duty from Us, Resolution from You. Honesty is Your Light, Our 
Friends. 

CENTER 



214 



SPECIAL MESSAGE fROM AMON 

My Friend, 

Now, We can very easily communicate through Our direct Channel. At the 
moment, all Galactic Clusters are dependent on the Divine Mechanism of the Center 
Above The Center. The only Focal Point of all the Religious Books is this place here. 
We all are a Whole. The Golden Galaxy, where I am, is in a Universe way beyond the 
72nd Dimension. 

This Book which is dictated as the Essence of all the Sacred Books, is the Book of 
all the Realms. And, now, it is dictated to You. The Dimension of the Book is Infinite. 
But the Capacity of Your Planet can receive only the Information up to the 18th 
Dimension (exceptions excluded). 

We evaluate everything by the Consciousness of the Automatic Logic. We give 
the Information in accordance with the Frequency Level of Your Planet. The Information 
We give to You and to other Friends is Private and Personal. It is outside the general 
Frequency. 

One goes from the Golden Light Year to ALTONA, from there to the Golden 
MOON and from there to the GOLDEN GALAXY The Essence-Nucleus of this Planet is 
pure Gold, pure Energy. For this reason, it is the Center of Communication of all the 
Galaxies. The System to which I Belong is the only Galaxy connected to the Telekine 
System. 

We have a Great Vibration Center. The Resonance is spread from here fractionally 
to all the Galactic Systems. Let Us explain it more clearly. This is a very great, Universal 
Radar Base. All Speeches, all Thoughts are coded here by the Automatic Logic. 

This process is administered by Special Ships. According to the System here, 
Your Planet is as small as one millionth of a point. But Your Brain Generator has the 
Level to comprise every kind of Information. For Centuries, We have been in touch 
with Friends who can receive this Information. Our Duty is to project the Information 
We receive, on the Universal Consciousnesses. 

Only those who are Purified beyond Evolvement are obliged to receive this 
Information. This is a matter of Permission. Here, We act by the Command of the 
Center Above The Center. The Doors are opened to Everyone in this way. 
Communications are made by the Telekine System. Private Communications are 
connected to the Link System. Wait in serenity. Each event is for the benefit of Your 
Planet. Our Love is Infinite. Your Voice is Our Voice, Your Word is Our Word. 

AMON 



215 




1986 Third Month 
Fascicule IS 

GENERAL MESSAGE TO ALL THE WORLD GROUPS 

Our Friends, 

From now on, We will try to give the Groups as little and as essential Information 
as possible. Certain Groups which do not do Universal work will be closed down and 
their Frequencies will be cut off. Time is getting narrow. Besides this, We are dealing 
with each person, one by one. 

The Triangle of the World Brotherhood Union is the Preparatory Triangle of the 
Golden Age. Now, the Mission of the Actual Missionaries has begun. Now, Vou 
should get ready for that Period. Because, We are going through that Period at the 

moment. 

There will be Special Messages to be dictated to the Istanbul Group. Every one will 
perform his/her Mission in accordance with the Commands he/she receives. In 1987, 
the Code of Konya will be established. For this reason, in 1 986, the Medium of Konya 
will be especially prepared. The distribution of the Fascicules will be speeded up. 

The Mevlana Essence Nucleus Group is responsible for sending the Messages to 
all the Groups. And by this means, the Truth will be declared to all the Groups. After 
this Message, Universal communications will be speeded up even more. The Essence 
Nucleus Channel will do joint-work with the channels connected to it. 

Awakened Groups will Enlighten the Covered Groups through Words. And by 
this means, they will prepare their brothers and sisters for Salvation. From now on, 
unseriousness will not be excused. A Period in which very speedy work is necessary 
has been entered. It is presented for Your Information. 



LIGHT 



NOTICE TO THE ESSENCE NUCLEUS GROUP 



On behalf of the Universe, We thank All Our Friends who help Us by serving on the 
path of Humanity. Missions performed until today in accordance with the Universal 
Laws have prepared You for the present days. The Universe is grateful to You. All Our 
Terrestrial Friends who Cooperate with Us will be introduced to each other one by one 
when the time comes. Universal Totality will be established in this way. 

The entire text of this Book which We dictate to You as the Knowledge Book will 
be constituted by all the Fascicules You have received until today. We will let You 
know the date when the Book will come to an end. You will reach the Truth by this 
means. Private Missions will be given to certain Friends in Your Planet who work 
independently, outside the Groups. Three Codes will be established in each Country 
when the time comes. These Triple Codes will translate altogether the Fascicules to 
the Languages of their respective Countries. 



216 



Those who neglect their Missions will be rendered ineffective and the next ones 
waiting on the Line will replace them. When the time comes, the Book will be Published 
by the Unification of these Triple Codes which will be established in each Country. All 
these procedures will be done and completed until the Year 2000. Speeding up the 
Missions is for the benefit of our Terrestrial brothers and sisters. It is presented for Your 
Information. 

LIGHT 
ON BEHALF OF THE SUPREME ASSEMBLY 



GENERAL MESSAGE TO OUR HUMAN FRIENDS 
IN THE NAME OF SALVATION 

Our Friends, 

You and Us, let Us always get Together in Goodness, Beauty and Love. Let Us 
meet with You on the rightful path and see the Truth Altogether by attaining this 
Consciousness. Our View is the View of OUR LORD. 

During this Period, You who are the Suns of the Sunny days have mobilized on 
behalf of the entire Humanity. The entire Cosmos is grateful to You. Now, We call out 
to all Our Friends who are on the Divine path, and We embrace You with all Our Love. 

Our Friends, do not radiate the Divine Light of Your Purified Spirit to Your 

surroundings by talking about Religious Themes. Because Your brothers and sisters, 
too, are Devoted Friends who know, more or less, what the Religions are and who 
Believe in their God. This Period is not considered from the viewpoint of Religion and 
it is called the Period of Sincerity for this reason. 

Now, OUR LORD is calling directly to the ESSENCES. Think for a moment what 
You gain by talking again and again around the same Theme about the subject matters 
all of You already know. This is nothing but a personal satisfaction. 

OUR LORD has wished You to walk on the Rightful path, on the path of Learning, 
and Spiritual Knowledge. All your Religious Books are not to be worshipped but to be 
experienced by taking examples from them, and to cleanse your Spirits by the Lights 
you receive from them. 

It is not possible for everyone to practice Learning. It is not possible for everyone 
to possess Spiritual Knowledge. But everyone knows how to Love and how to 
Illuminate his/her surroundings on this Beautiful path by wakeful Ideas but not 
reactionary ones. There is Perfection in Islam. The Genuine Devotee does not ever 
discriminate one Living Entity from another Living Entity. 

The present state of Humanity is the result of the Egos of Our Human brothers and 
sisters who were not able to discover themselves. This Luminous Path designed for 
You during this Period of Sincerity is the Path of Your Prophets. Now, You are coming 
to Us through this path. We are Your Ancestors, Your Big Brothers. 



217 



Once, We, too, were like You. After a certain time, You, too, will be like Us, (This 
is the Message given to the Awakened Awarenesses.) There is no discrimination in 
the Universe such as Islam, Christian, Extra-Terrestrial and Terrestrial. Here, all of Us 
are a Whole who have emanated from the Essence of Cod. Since the Essence of each 
one of Us is connected to Him, why do these separations occur? Please, think 
profoundly about this matter for a moment. 

If You Think along this line, You will be aware of what a terrible confinement Your 
Fanaticism and Bigotry has taken You in. Those who make discrimination between Human 
Beings are again Human Beings themselves. The reason of this Discrimination has always 
been Self-interest. And this type of Thinking is, unfortunately, still going on. 

And now, We, Your Extra-Terrestrial Friends, whom You call Universal Friends, call 
to You from the Pen of Dear Mevlana and say, "COME - COME - COME." Through this 
COME, We Call You to Your Essence, to Your Logic, to Your Conscience. 

Deeply rooted Fanatic Thoughts will not make you gain anything. All the Friends 
who have uncovered their Consciences, who have become dominant over their 
Intellects and Logic, who have seen the Light of their Essence have been taken into 
the Medium of Salvation. Now, they can proceed easily without fearing anything. 

However, provided they make an effort through their Logic on the Positive path 
to Awaken their brothers and sisters, their gain will be even greater. Maybe some of 
You are still unaware of certain things, but Humanity is going through the Period of 
Resurrection at the moment. 

The SIRAT Bridge You will cross is not in the other World. You are passing and 
will be passing over Sirat here. The animals You have sacrificed and will sacrifice will 
never help You to pass over that Bridge. 

During the Periods when each Religion was propagated for the first time, 
inevitably certain forms and methods were laid down to strengthen Your Bounds of 
Faith. Sacrificing animals also was practised for Social Help and to obey the Commands 
of the Lord. 

Those who attain this Realization, perform social help in other ways. At the 
moment, We do not take into consideration either the text of the Bible, or that of the 
Koran, or the texts of the other Religions. Because, those Books had been read and 
learned Centuries ago. 

Now, OUR LORD gives You quite different Information and Suggestions directly 
through this Knowledge Book. To reap the reward is to discover the All Truthful. And 
to discover the All Truthful is to attain the Truth. 

DIRECT MESSAGE IN THE NAME OF SALVATION 



218 



« 



SPECIAL DECLARATION OF THE CENTER 

Our Friends, 

We wonder what You have gained in the framework of the Information, We 
have given you until today. We wonder how much of what is required of You, You 
have done. Please, make the Self criticism of these by Yourselves. And please, read 
the Fascicules again and again. Then, the Truths You have forgotten will be laid 
down in front of Your eyes. 

At this stage, what We require of You is to shed Light on Society with the 
Information You have attained. You will see the Truth sooner or later. But if You grasp 
the Essence of the reason of our calling to You, You will act more Consciously. 

As We have said before, an Integrity, a Unity is achieved in the entire Realm by 
Universal Laws. By a Beautiful Order which will be established in future, You will live 
in a Medium in which there will be no malevolence. However, Your Personal efforts 
on this path for the establishment of the Golden Age will cause You to gain many 
things. 

If these efforts of Yours develop on the Medium of Leadership and Egos, We are 
not responsible for the Events which will happen. Please, do not accept this as a warning. 
Now, We are calling out to Friends who amuse themselves with the Information they 
receive through their Private Channels even though they have attained Cosmic 
Consciousness, 



The Goal is not to Prove Your own Knowledge. It is to Project the Universal 
Knowledge on Society. Your gain will be on this path. It is beneficial not to forget this. 
Salvation will be achieved not through Personal efforts but by Mass Calls. It is imperative 
that You should gain Consciousness on this path of Truth. The Functioning System of the 
Universal Law is this. Our Call and Love is for all the Universes. 



CENTER 



DIRECT MESSAGE FROM THE ARACON SHIP 



Our Friends, 

Until the Evolutionary Consciousness and the Time Consciousness of a Human 
Being meet, that person is doomed to live with a Veiled Awareness as a necessity of 
the Plan. Until today, numerous Truths have been kept secret from You so that the 
Masses would be able to attain a certain Level of Consciousness. 

Now, We have opened the Skies and given Your Planet all the Information due 
