shine. 

Working makes Gold glitter. To Shine means to be purified in one's own Medium. 
And to Glitter means to shed Light all around. These small nuances are small ciphers 
each (they are given as examples). 

In each Period, Missions given to each one are different. When all the Knowledge 
had been present in the Universe, only THOD had United his Frequency with Ramses. 
In other words, Ramses' thought Frequency knocked on THOD's door. And the first 
writing started with the Hieroglyph (the ciphered Universal writing system) . 

In fact, even the cave Men had been able to receive Information by their Sixth 
Powers. Then, the technique developed parallel to the Awakening of Consciousnesses. 
Mankind discovered the printing machine when the eagerness towards Knowledge 
increased. Thus, Knowledge spread far and wide. Libraries were full of Books. 

Egypt had discovered all the Knowledge. However, Your Globe had not yet entered 
the necessary Magnetic Medium then. In other words, it had not been able to settle 
in the Universal Evolvement Code yet. For this reason the Command to destroy much 
of the Information had been given. And the Great Library which had comprised all the 
Information had been burnt down. 

Because, Mankind who had not yet overcome their Ego Mediums could upset 
the order of the Universe by that Information. The Atom had been discovered then 
and the Rockets, too. Direct communications with UFOs had been established. The 
voice of the Heavens had been announced to Earth, then. 

But only Integrated Consciousnesses had benefited from this Information they 
had received, just like this Period. Others had been driven back to the Medium of 
Quest again and had been deprived of this high Information. 

Now, the Universal Technique is on a more developed level. For this reason We can 
now keep everything under a more perfect Supervision. We are very sorry to state this. 
The more Your World has developed technically, the more it has regressed Spiritually . 

For this reason We have gotten in touch with people of Genuine Perfection. 
Being authorized to explain everything to You clearly, We take Your Views under 
Supervision and thus give You Special Information. 

The Evil Intentions of Your World can destroy Your Planet one day. Because, any 
attack made towards Us can immediately be directed back to the Earth. Let Us explain 
this further: We have such Systems that the Automatic Systems return the Rockets sent 
to Us back to where they came from. We never attack, because there is no War here. 
There is Love, Friendship, Peace and Brotherhood. 



100 



The returning of the rockets sent to Us causes the destruction of Your Planet. In 
such a situation, We have Spaceships equipped with mechanical Systems which can 
save the Sincere people in 1 5 seconds according to Your World Units. 

Our Alarm Ships which are on patrol with a speed of one/sixteenth of a second, 
detect everything immediately. For this reason Our Friends who are in touch with Us 
are making preparations for Salvation Medium in this manner. 

Each Fascicule of the Golden Book in Your hands registers Your Thought Codes 
and Frequencies to the System here. For this reason We tell You to act as quickly as 
possible and spread. For this reason We tell You to Bloom Flowers and that those who 
are Awakened should Awaken Six more Brothers and Sisters. 

Our Human brothers and sisters are still unaware of the seriousness of the matter. 
It is a moment's work to destroy Your Planet. But it is extremely difficult to Awaken 
Our Human brothers and sisters and to make them Conscious. 

Now, the Deed-Book of Your Essence is written in a quite different way than it is 
told in Your Sacred Books. It is for Your advantage to know this. Our gratitude is 
infinite to Our Terrestrial brothers and sisters who help Us on this path. Rewards are 
for them, Happiness and Love are for them. 



AMON 



OUR FRIENDS 



The Salvation of a Human Being occurs by his/her Evolvement and Self-sacrifices. 
Material and Spiritual efforts are imperative in order to attain a Degree. Only then the 
chain of Progress can be transcended by the Permission of the LORD and by the 
Supervision of the Mechanism. 

First, Your Guardian Friend, then Spiritual Entities get in touch with You. Then, 
the residents of the Central System at the Supreme Assembly select those who will be 
able to enter the Central System. Later, those who will enter the path of the Savior 
and those who will enter the Golden Light Year are selected one by one. 

Meanwhile, Your connections with numerous Galactic Mediums are provided. 
The Cosmic Consciousness You have attained begins to receive Information from the 
Energetic Points it enters. And then, You are connected to the direct channel of a 
Mechanical System and thus, You receive Information without being agitated at all. 

Meanwhile, an extremely Powerful Magnetic Medium formed around You provides 
a Mechanism of Protection by protecting You from Negative Factors. Only then, You help 
those around You Materially and Spiritually and You radiate Purifying Beams. 

To see the Light and the Glory of the Heavens is not as easy as You may presume. 
Communication with Angels is always possible. However, extremely Refined qualities 
are required for those who will enter Their Land. 



101 



Evolvement is Interminable. There is always a more Perfect one than the most 
Perfect. Nobody should presume that the Medium he/she exists in is the most Perfect 
Medium of all. Because, paths which will be opened in front of You will lead You to 
more Evolved Mediums. Our Love is upon the entire Universe. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN ACE 
P. G. A. 



IT IS GENERAL MESSAGE 

Our Friends, 

The Universal Union will be provided by the Inter-continental publication of this 
dictated Book. The Universal Union is being administered from here by means of 
private connections. 

All Galaxies beyond the Solar Dimension are subject to the Universal Law. We 
have also taken Your World to this Dimension, Our connections can be made very 
easily now. The channels of Universal Union are secret for the time being. We will get 
in touch with each of You when the time comes. 

ALPHA is the most Powerful Channel of the Universal Union. The Book of the Golden 
Age is being dictated from here. All the Information which will be given parallel to the 
course of Your World is given to You separately from the channels opened to You. 

However, Your private channels and the World Frequency are not on the same 
Dimension. For this reason this Book contains Knowledge parallel to the channels of 
the Dimensions Your World Frequency can receive. In other words, the Book contains 
Knowledge parallel to the Evolvement of Your World. 

The channels of the Universal Dimension are 7. In other words, they carry 
Knowledge of beyond 7 Lights. The Golden Book is the key of Evolvement and 
Knowledge of those who will be able to enter a Dimension beyond 7 Light Years. The 
possessor of each channel is Purified by the Essence Information of that channel. 

The Frequencies of those channels should be equivalent to the Frequency of 
those who receive that Information. It is a must to balance this scale. Otherwise, the 
undulations of the Waves of the channel will deprive You of the Genuine Knowledge. 
We call this Group Obstruction. 

This does not mean that the Information of those people is closed to others. By 
diffusing the Waves they receive from the channel through their Brain Vibrations, they 
are preparing a Medium of Purification. 

By this means, many people perform Mission without realizing. Provided Your 
Essence and Your Spiritual Energy is equivalent to the Universal Energy, then can You 
build Your Universal Triangle and only then can You easily receive Genuine Information. 



102 



We have detected that some of Our Friends who are not aware of this fact still 
cling to their Egos. Each Information You receive is the foundation stone of the 
Information You will receive in future. Information is not especially given to You. 

Each channel is making transmission to many directions of the World at the 
moment and each of the 7 channels have 630 Announcement Transmission Centers. 
Knowledge from beyond 7 Lights are given from 4 Transmission Fields by different 
Announcements. 

Only this Golden Book dictated to Dear Mevlana, is connected to the Channel of 
the Single LORD. Because, the Main Transmission Center is at the direct Energy Field of 
the Universal Dimension. All Your Sacred Books had been dictated from this Focal Point, 

Now, in order to clarify the Aim, We repeat once more: This is not a Book of 
Religion. It is a Knowledge Book which brings together all the Books of Religion. 

Why do We call it The Knowledge Book? Because, We destroy Idolatry. To call 
this Book a Sacred Book would create another Medium of Taboo. Thus, We bring 
together You, Our Friends, under the Light of this Book and invite You to come together 
and to Unite. And We welcome Our Friends who unite under this roof and We greet 
them as Our Genuine Light-Friends. 



COUNCIL OF STARS 



NOTICE FROM THE SHIP ARCO 



We are Special Surveillance Ships brought together by various Missions. We 
perform Our Duty always with a crew of two women and four men. We act under the 
Command of the Special Council. 

In addition to the Rescue Ships on every continent, We also have Alarm Ships 
with an enormous Equipment System. No Radar can detect these Ships on their Screens. 
Because, We are outside the angle of vision of the Radars and, furthermore, We have a 
special apparatus. 

We have thousands of Ships going to and fro on Your horizons. However, they 
can never be seen, since they have Transparent equipment. We land on Earth with 
metaf discs for two. Generally We have private conversations with those who 
understand Us. 

We have direct contacts with Our Friends who are connected to Us by Missions. 

We immediately remove the Negative Signals reflecting from their Medium. By this 
procedure, the System Protects the Missionaries. 

We are a Research Ship. We move with a speed equivalent to one tenth of a 
second. You may also accept it as a Patrol Ship. We continuously take rounds around 
Your World and inform everything to the Center of Surveillance. 



103 



Thus, We are aware of everything without exception. Our Duty is outside the 
personal matters. We control the Terrestrial Mechanism by the Universal Mechanism. 

We are Solar Friends who come from far beyond Your Planet. Your World does 
not know yet how Our communication system operates. In fact, We have always kept 
this System outside the World Consciousness. 

Only after the Evolvement Medium Our connections with You are provided. You 
know Us. At the moment, Universal Announcements are given to Your World by various 
channels. 

We are very Happy to be with Our Terrestrial brothers/sisters who will be prepared 
for Sunny Days. Our ship is called ARGO. We have to keep Our Identities secret from 
everyone except from the entire Staff of Mission. Our place can never be detected. 
Because, as We have said before, We are transparent and are out of the Radars' vision. 

We get connected to the Automatic System controlling Your Brain Thoughts by 
making a leap in the Universe in every ten to sixteen seconds. 

In this manner, We have entered Your Coordinates. 

At the moment, Our Frequency connection is with You, Dear Mevlana who have 
received the Command of Universal Unification. This is Our personal connection only 
with You. At the moment Our Base is on Mercury. For the moment We act in accordance 
with the three-shift System. 

Your Planet is under constant control of the Center. As a necessity of Our Mission, 
We have been connected to UFO Systems coming from various Galaxies under the 
unification of a Council in the entire Universe established under the surveillance of 
the Sinus Mission. Thus, Your channel can easily have connections with spaceships 
coming from every Galactic medium. 

The Sirius Mission is Responsible for only the Milky Way Galaxy. This Movement 
is a Unification under the surveillance of the Universal System. Meanwhile, We have 
Personal connections with many Terrestrial Friends. 

However, they mixed-up this Divine Order with other situations. Since they can 
not overcome the Fear which is the result of their habits, they are deprived of this 
Universal Consciousness. 

You know that the selection is made by the Center, not by Us. All Your Thoughts 
and Wishes, all Your actions are Automatically Supervised by the System of Surveillance 
at the Central System. The Central System does not know You personally. You are 
assessed there by the Data taken from You. 

In accordance with a Law Laid down by the Universal Laws, direct connections are 
made with those who attain an Evolvement equivalent to the one shown on the Evolvement 
chart here. Then, they are presented to Us and thus, We get to know You personally. 



104 



There is no partiality in anything. Mission allotment is made in accordance with 
merit. The Essences of the Oldest Energies are detected and found by a Special System 
and their Brain codes which have remained Veiled until now are unveiled by Permission 
and in accordance with the Law of Graduation, thus, help is extended to them. 

In this way, many people receive different Messages from the channel Energies 
to which they belong and thus write Books. At the moment, We, who act under the 
Command of the Central System, have Interviews with the entire Universe. Please, 
convey Our Love to Our Friends. 

CAPTAIN 
On Behalf of the Staff of the Ship 

OUR FRIENDS 

The Book of Islam is a perfect Universal Book. There is everything in it. However, 
it is difficult to decipher it. There are interminable ciphers of every line, of every letter. 
Each Dimension is responsible for receiving and learning these ciphers in accordance 
with its Capacity. This is the unchanging Rule of the Theory of Evolution. 

Within the Universe, each System is assessed in accordance with its own Dimensional 
Energy. That is the reason why Your World has been accepted as a Medium of Evolvement. 
You start everything on Your Planet from Zero Frequency Your Brain Energy deserves to 
receive the Energies of the other Dimensions parallel to Your Evolvement. 

Each door opened to You is a source of Light, a source of Knowledge. For this 
reason some of You do not know what Some of You know. Powerful Currents and 
Powerful Information will be given to Our Human brothers and sisters until they reach 
a certain Level. For this reason We have received the Command to Unite the Groups. 

Each Group will give its Information to other Groups and, in this way, Information 
will be exchanged. We will abolish the Ego Mediums among the Groups in this manner. 
We have nothing to do with Groups which can not overcome their Egos. They will 
remain connected only to their own channels. 



SUPREME ASSEMBLY 



OUR FRIENDS 



Read, Read, Read. You will find everything and the entire Truth in this Book by 
the Consciousness You have attained or will attain. This Book is Your Celestial Guide. 
As You are Purified, You will find thousands of Messages in every Message You have 
read or will read. Read, read, read the Messages again and again, Our Friends. This is 
not a Science Fiction. It is the Light of the Truth. Time will prove to You everything. 
Wait, Wait, .Wait. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 

or 



105 



OUR FRIENDS 

All the Information We give is given in accordance with the General level of 
Consciousness of the World. Thus, We provide an Awakening Medium for Friends in 
that level of Reality. We have given the Command to Distribute the Book Fascicule by 
Fascicule in order to widen the level of comprehension. 

At the moment, there are Friend Missionaries and Croups in the entire World 
who receive very extensive Information from higher Realities. However, We have these 
published in accordance with the Mediums of Comprehension. For now, You have to 
be satisfied with this Information, Our Friends. 

Very comprehensive Information is given to the MEVLANA ESSENCE NUCLEUS 
GROUP to which the Book is dictated. However, only Friends who are Capable can 
receive them. 

Each Individual is transferred to more advanced Realities by his/her own efforts 
made at his/her own Level of Frequency. Thus, Gates of Knowledge will be opened to 
You Eternally, if only You deserve the chance of receiving this Information, Our Friends. 
This is Our greatest wish. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 

Of 

OUR FRIENDS 

We are now in a Period which demands hard work. Yunus Emre says in one of his 
Couplets: 

Learning is to know Learning 
Learning is to know thyself 
If You do not know Yourself 
What's the use of that reading? 

For this reason We say, first of all Know thyself, Overcome thyself, then Come to 
Us. Only then will You Find the path of Truth and will Attain GOD-Consciousness. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 

CX 

IT IS NOTICE FROM THE CENTER 

The Step which will be taken towards Salvation has been connected to the Golden 
Light Year. (The Golden Light Year will be explained to You later). The supervision of 
the entire Universe is administered by a Special Channel. 



106 



AMON is the Single representative of the Golden Light Year and the Golden 
Galaxy. This is the only Galaxy connected to the Telekine System. Meanwhile, 
communications will be made by the Telekine System. These communications are 
administered by Special Spaceships. 

At the moment, all communications under the Command of the Center Above 
The Center are under the Supervision of the SIRIUS Solar Mission. The Council of the 
Loyal Ones is in SIRIUS. Its Emblem is the "Double Eagle". Its Mission is a call to 
Universal Peace. It is presented for Your Information. 



* 



OUR FRIENDS 

The Human Being should first learn to help his/her own self. You know that the 
Human Being will make his/her own choice on the path he/she will tread. There is no 
compulsion in anything. Deserved ones will do these by their Wish of the Essence. 
Unenthusiastic ones will remain Unenthusiastic. Efforts will come from You, the rest 
from ALLAH. Our greatest wish is that all Human Beings should attain the Truth. 

If cups are empty, it will take time to fill them. Even a drop of Knowledge will 
shed a Light on that Human Being. For this reason We dictate this Book Fascicule by 
Fascicule. Each Fascicule will shed a Universal Light on You. Our Terrestrial brothers 
and sisters are thus prepared for Salvation. 

An unawakened Human Being can not shed Light on his/her surroundings. He/ 
She is doomed to remain on the same Level. Provided You overcome Your Egos, You 
will be accepted to the Medium of Social Solidarity. Otherwise, the Fascicules will just 
remain in Your hands and will mean nothing (We tell this to the Believers). 

Those who are not yet Awakened can not perform any action anyway until they 
attain a certain Level of Consciousness. The more they become Conscious, the more 
Beneficial will it be for them. For this reason even Distributing the Fascicules is a 
matter of Evolution and Permission. The view of Your Garden will be as spectacular as 
the number of the Flowers You bloom increases. 

The accumulation of the Fascicules will complete Your final Universal Book. When 
the Time comes, the Golden Book will be printed in accordance with the given 
Command both in the Islamic and in the Christian Societies simultaneously and thus, 
will be presented to Humanity. First, the Seed will be sown, then there will be the 
Harvest. Our Love is upon the entire Universe. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 



107 



OUR FRIENDS 

Mankind always serves in accordance with its own Thought. It is uneasy even 
when it is a little away from its own Medium. All these Efforts are investments for the 
future. 

Do not ever forget that there is always a More Perfect than the Perfect. Some of 
You forget these and presume that His/Her own way is the most perfect way. Evolvement 
is not this. 

Your Religious Books have mentioned Seven Terrestrial Layers and Seven Celestial 
Layers. In fact, this is the first boundary of Evolvement. Beyond this, there are such 
interminable Evolvements that they are Dimensions which the Humans of the World 
can never comprehend. 

For the time being, just try to advance on the Evolvement paths shown to You, 
Our Friends, The first step is to Love Each other and to Tolerate each other's faults. 
Our Love is for You. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 

THE CIPHER OF MEVLANA 



The Evolvement Indicator of the Universal Mechanism is adjusted in accordance 
with the Frequency of Yunus and Mevlana. However, it is not known what Genuine 
meaning and effort are. Now, We will explain this to You: 

In the Universe, every Door opens by the Unity of the Essence with the cipher. 
The important thing is the Essence. Mevlana had made a Call uniting the whole 
Universe and the entire Humanity in his gleaming Heart. This Call was (COME - COME 
- COME). Since he had gathered these three words in his Essence, We call these Three 
Code Keys, "the Cipher of Mevlana". 

Assembling these Three words in the Essence will open the Door of the Level of 
Humanity for You which is the highest Code. There is the Tolerance of the Infinite 
Universe in this cipher. You will find in this Cipher the Illuminated path to Humanity. 

But You must say these three words by Your very Essence, not only by Your Tongue. 
There are Hoops of Fire through which You must pass in order to attain these Virtues. 
You either be Lighted and matured and be a Genuine Light or You become Ash. 

Do not ever forget that it is easy to become a Saint, but it is very difficult to 
become a Human Being. In order to become a Genuine Human Being, You should 
wear 16 Shirts of Sainthood. This is why OUR LORD considers the Human Being so 
valuable. The entity which is most valued by OUR LORD is the Fetus. You are bestowed 
on the World by this means. 



108 



However, You loose the Genuine Virtues of Your Essence in the Medium of the 
World. You keep walking with the Terrestrial shape, with a head and four legs. You 
tread many paths in search of Your lost Virtues. In other words, You seek Your Own 
Selves. And once You find Your own selves, You say (THERE IS A SELF WITHIN MYSELF). 

Now, the Genuine Human Being is the Human within You. It is Your Genuine 
Self, it is the one who leads You to the best path and the one who keeps Your scale of 
Conscience in Balance. OUR LORD gives value to each of His servants. However, He 
only helps the Genuine Human Being. Those who are given hands are subjected to 
various Exams of Humanity. 

This is the Path of Light of the Human Being. You Either advance step by step with 
determination, or You remain where You are. Choice, for this reason, is most difficult. The 
first Exam to which all Religious Books subject You is the Self-Exam. This is Your Personal 
Exam and an Exam of Your Essence. 

Universal Dimensions are opened to You only after You succeed in this Exam. 
Here, Social Relations among Human Beings are very important. The Book of Islam 
has already declared to You everything. It is a CONSTITUTIONAL LAW. However, this 
Book serves Humanity on the path of Logic. 

All the qualifications the LORD requires are present in the ESSENCE of the Genuine 
Human Being. Your Prophets who had received the Command to Enlighten You were 
each a Genuine Light. The Conditions of Your Age, at the moment, are different. Now, 
We have come by the Command for Universal Unity to Your World which has been 
showered by Religious Guidance for Centuries. 

Meanwhile, We had connections with Our Awakened Friends and helped them 
to discover their Essence. Then, by increasing Your Frequencies, We gave speed to 
Your Levels of Evolvement. We have subjected You to Exams on the path of becoming 
Genuine Human Beings. The narrow passage ways You pass through by the exams 
You had or will have are not Our gain but Yours. 

When the Humanity Vibrations turn on the same brilliant Light as the Vibrations 
of Your Essence does, only then You get in touch with Us and You act as a Free 
Conscience, a Free Spirit. Then You discover Genuine Happiness. 

We make direct coi itact only with Friends who possess this quality. Our Terrestrial 
brothers and sisters are still searching the skies to see UFOs. If they wish to get in 
touch with Us, they should first cleanse their Essence. 

We began with the letter (A) of Your alphabet in order to take the Whole World 
into the Medium of Purity. For this reason Religious Ties have been Strengthened 
anew in Your Planet. 



109 



OUR LORD has declared His Command to the Supreme Council to Save the 
Genuine Human Beings during the Period of Resurrecting, which You call the 
Resurrection. 

We serve Your World at the moment, in accordance with the Commands of the 
SIRIUS Mission, together with Our Friends who have come from different Dimensions. 
And, by this BOOK, We will help You to comprehend the Truths. 

In short, there are two conditions for You to be able to enter Our Medium: 



1 - 
2- 

1 - 



2- 



RELIGIOUS FULFILLMENT 

THE CIPHER OF MEVLANA: Now, let Us explain them: 

The first condition for Religious Fulfillment is the cleansing of the Essence. 
Formalism is not necessary in Worship. Human Being can Purify his/her Essence by 
performing Worship by his/her Logic, too. You knock on the Door of the Almighty 
in this way 

As We have said before, the cipher of Mevlana is summed up in three syllables. 
These are "COME, COME, COME". This is the Knowledge of Three Channels. 

In the first COME there is - INFINITE TOLERANCE. 
In the second COME there is - INFINITE LOVE. 
In the third COME there is - INFINITE HUMILITY. 



You will be reborn the moment You unite Genuine Tolerance, Genuine Love and 
Genuine Humility in Your Essence by passing through Hoops of Fire by the Exams to 
which You have been subjected. Your Depressions are the deposits of Your Spirit and 
Your Essence. 

There is Infinite Happiness in the Medium of Purification. If you can embrace 
even Your enemy with Love, if You can Think of Sharing Your food even if You are 
hungry, if You can Ask Forgiveness even from the Soil on which You walk, then You 
solve the Cipher of Mevlana. Those who will come to Us are the Genuine Seeds of 
Mevlana. All the Truth and the Mystery of the Universe is hidden in the following 
three sentences: 

I HAD BEEN RAW, I RIPENED, I HAVE LIGHTED. 

May the Divine Light of OUR LORD shine both on those who Love Us and who 
do not Love Us, who Test Us and who Blame Us. Our Love is upon the entire Universe. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 



no 



1985 Second Month 
Fascicule 8 

HOW YOU RECEIVE THIS INFORMATION ? 
(It is an Answer to the chains of Thought) 

Our Friends, 

The Power of the Universe is a Power which extends even far beyond the Mechanical 
System to the infinity. We Relatively call this Power the (GUNFERI) Power. This Power is a 
variable Power (Its real name is the TUNAMl Color. You do not know this). 

Information is received through many Channels of Influence from this Energy which 
carries the Divine Power of the LORD. This Knowledge is assessed according to the Code 
degrees of the Galaxies and they follow a chain of hierarchy. Thus, Knowledge is conveyed 
to You by being transferred from System to System (this is a Hierarchical Order). 

Until today, this Information has been transferred to You from Seven Lights through 
the Channel of ALPHA which is the most Powerful Channel and You have received all 
these Announcements as Religious Suggestions. Our Purpose was to make You attain the 
Evolvement which would enable You to enter the Code of the Genuine Human Being. 

However, Religious Suggestions Divided You instead of Uniting You and created 
many Mediums of Taboo. And they imprisoned You within the dark well of Conditioning. 
This mentality caused You to remain where You were (exceptions excluded). 

Now, We are going to explain the reason why this Book is written. The Initial 
source of Knowledge is the clearest spring. This Clear Water of Knowledge has been 
drunk by being transferred from hand to hand. Thus, losing its clearness, it became 
turbid. In other words, everybody added also his/her own Views to this Knowledge. 
Thus, people became further away from the main source. 

Now, the time of flattery has been terminated. We have closed the Channel of 
ALPHA in order to reveal the whole truth (it is open only to those who Deserve). This 
caused You to receive more severe Vibrations. For this reason the entire Universe is 
going through a Period of Depression. 

Now, in this Medium, Evolvement has gained Speed. Religious Suggestions had 
caused You to be in the Medium of Lethargy, You had depended on Your God and 
had become lazy. 

Now, by the direct Command of the LORD, all the mediators are removed, hence, 
the Computer System registers the direct Knowledge from beyond Seven Lights, from 
the actual Channel of the LORD and transfers them to Your Milky Way Galaxy through 
Our Friends from the Solar Systems of other Galaxies. 

"At the moment, Your direct Channel is Dear Mevlana at the Channel of Anatolia. 
This Information is conveyed to her by the direct Channel of MUSTAFA MOLLA from 
the Central System. There is no other intermediary. 



I M 



The Code Ciphers of all the Galaxies have been declared to MUSTAFA MOLLA. 
Any time a Friend from any Galaxy wishes to speak to Dear Mevlana, MUSTAFA MOLLA 
mediates. And He makes the connection (excluding private connections). 

MUSTAFA MOLLA has revealed his Identity. Dear Mevlana may mention this in 
the Book if she wishes. In fact, the Energy of this Knowledge is very strong, since it is 
transferred from an extremely Powerful Focal Point. No one in the Terrestrial Body can 
endure this Energy directly. 

For this reason Our MUSTAFA MOLLA gives the Energies to Dear Mevlana who 
writes this Book from Our Focal Point at the Central System by reducing them with a 
proportion of one to a million. Conseguently, Dear Mevlana writes the Book easily, 
without being agitated in any way. Our gratitude to her is infinite. 

NOTICE FROM 
THE COUNCIL OF STARS 

Note: 

Some of Our Friends are curious about MUSTAFA MOLLA. We, hereby, convey to 
You the Message given from the Supreme Assembly, excluding his detailed biography 
given to Our Group. 

MUSTAFA MOLLA is the unchanging Messenger of the Universal Plan. He has Great 
Responsibility and is a Great Missionary. Hereby, Fie uses His name as MUSTAFA MOLLA 
in accordance with the Consciousness of Society to which this Book is dictated. 

Our Light-Friends MOSES, JESUS CHRIST, MOHAMMED MUSTAFA had Enlightened 
their Societies under His Light, with His Knowledge. Names are each a Symbol. What 
is important is Mission and Responsibility. With Love. 

Btilent Corak 
On Behalf of the 
Mevlana Essence Nucleus Croup 

NOTICE FROM THE SPACESHIP ARGO 

Hello Our Friends, 

We can not get in touch with everyone, since Our System is under a certain 
Supervision. For now, We Greet You by means of this Book. Our Individual contacts 
occur only in accordance with the Commands We receive. 

We are recording progress quite a lot in the step the future will take towards 
Salvation. Those who receive the Golden Waves of the Golden Light Year and those 
who do not, those who are appointed to the Sacred Mission are all treated differently. 

Now, let Us talk to You about the characteristics of the Two-Year Period. The First 
year has passed somewhat under pressure to create a Medium of Formation. Activities 
of the Second year are very important. Because, Responsibility means Perfection 
according to Our standards. 



112 



There are great differences between doing something casually and doing it 
voluntarily from the Heart. We are trying to assemble the Friends who are aware of 
their Responsibility and who perform their Duty from the Heart, by choosing them, 
one by one. 

There will be some coalescence in all the Croups after the Religious Currents 
open. We are trying to connect the Integrated Consciousnesses to the Golden Year of 
the Firmament. For this reason Our Human brothers and sisters are performing 
individual operations. 

The result of those operations subjects them to a special selection. We are realizing 
this by an Order reflecting on the entire Universe. We are preparing all the Human 
Beings for the place of the Savior, under the supervision of a special receptor. 

Do not forget that Selection is a matter of Evolution. Those who need Evolution 
are obliged to complete their Evolvements. It is not easy at all to reach the indicator 
on the Evolutionary tableau. You call this Evolvement. 

All these things are administered by the Secured Friends of a Celestial System 
and transmissions are made to You by the mediation of Special Spaceships. Salutations 
from the staff of the ARCO Spaceship. 

IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

Now, We are going to explain the Dimensions mentioned in numerous Messages. 
The Dimensions of the Layers of Awareness and Universal Dimensions are different . 
However, their operational Systems are together. Dimensions are measurement Units 
of Frequencies. Each Dimension has special fields of Influence peculiar to itself. As the 
Dimensions get higher, their Powers of Influence, too, increase. 

Each Frequency attains the right to enter here in accordance with the Phases he/ 
she has gone through. He/She sees and understands the Unknown. Your World is 
now under the Influence Field of a very Powerfu! Magnetic Field. Only those who 
have attained Cosmic Consciousness can benefit from these Influences. In this way, 
Your Perceptions You call the Sixth Sense and We call the Universal Awareness expand 
and You become a Medium. 

Each Entity who possesses the Sixth Sense is a Medium. However, these have to 
be developed. Formerly, these Developments used to be Individual. But now, You are 
inevitably present in the Cosmic field. For this reason We call this Period the Mediamic 
Period. Our Universal connections have created this Period. The Cosmic Awareness of 
Your World has been speeded up after the World Year 1965. Our Medium Friends 
who have attained Cosmic Consciousness know this very well. 



in 



Each of Our Missionary Friends is Protected by the Universal Mechanism when 
he/she enters the Genuine Channel, after the Medium of Quest. Thus, their World 
Lives become healthy and normal. Because, the Influence fields which have been 
entered or will be entered carry extremely highly charged Energies. These Energies 
carry very Powerful Knowledge. However, the System here gives this Energy to You, 
reducing its dosage. 

Everything in the World is subject to the Law of Graduation. Curiosity is a nice 
thing. But individual operations performed before being taken into the Medium of 
Protection are dangerous. During spiritual sessions Ignorantly performed, Your 
Frequencies become mixed up, Your Electrical Balance becomes upset. Even Your 
Brain fuses can blow up. 

Your Friends who wish to perform operations of this kind should always have a 
Spiritual Operator in their Mediums who can control the Spiritual Energies. By the 
operations performed thus, Your Spiritual Energies will be able to enter easily the 
Universal Dimensions. Our Love is upon the entire Universe. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 

OUR FRIENDS 

All Supreme Spirits are connected to the Divine Realm and are a Whole there. 
No Power can give the Universal Awareness which Love gives to the Human Being. 
ALLAH opens the Divine Power He has granted to each of His servants, with the Key of 
Love present in his/her Essence. 

The Dimensions You are going to enter will be Powerful in proportion with the 
Power of the Potential of Your Love. Your Perceptions depend on the Powers of Your 
Frequencies. The Supervision here is for making You know Yourselves, find Yourselves. 
Only afterwards may You flutter Your wings in the infinity of Universal Dimensions. 
Our Love is upon the entire Universe. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 

o< 

NOTICE ABOUT THE LIGHT YEAR 

Our Friends, 

Information given to You is also being given to all the Universal Dimensions. 
However, this dictated Book has a Special Supervision Channel. Apart from, this, We 
heartily give the Information the World Planet wishes to learn. Now, let Us first talk 
about the Speed of Light. Its Unit is (according to Your measurements) 300,000 
kilometers per second. This Speed of Light is a Volume comprising a measurement 
starting from the World Unit up to 76 Galactic mediums. 



1 14 



Evaluations beyond this, begin from beyond the speeds of Light. The World year 
and Time measurement is not used here. Light speeds here are evaluated according to 
Volumes. Speeds of Light beyond this are taken into sections, integrated as Light years. 

This is a Subjective field. This is a Value Unit of a medium where speeds of Light 
calm down, the Volume System disappears and where only Thought Frequencies are 
transformed to Brain Energies, and a name is used for this Unit for You to understand. 
We called it the LIGHT YEAR. 

This is a Medium of Light where numerous Frequencies float. You may also imagine 
this Subjective medium as a Lake of Light. The evaluation measurements here are subject 
to an evaluation beginning beyond the limit of the Dimension to which Your Planet and 
certain Galactic Mediums are connected. Beyond this, there are Systems presenting 
variability. When the time comes, We will talk about them, too. 

In short, We can summarize it as follows: Beyond the limit where all Galactic 
Mediums terminate at the speed of Light, the Light Medium is evaluated by Light 
Years, not by speeds of Light. This is an evaluation entering the Cubic System. Its 
Speed Measure is under the Supervision of the Brain Energy, beyond the Frequency of 
Thought. In other words, the Light Years begin from a Medium where Brain Waves 
take the Speeds of Light under their supervision. 

Let Us explain further to make the subject more understandable ; 

1- The Speed of Light is 300,000 Kms. per second. (According to Your measurements.) 

2- The Thought Frequency is the speed of a millionth of a second. 

3- The Speed of Light is normally equivalent to the Thought Frequency in Your Planet. 

4- Beyond the Third Dimension, Your Thought Speeds transcend the Dimension You 
are in. 

5- Speed of Thought goes with a speed beyond a billion Light Speeds in more advanced 
Dimensions. 

6- Reaching the certain barrier of Speed of Light, Speed of Thought is evaluated by the 
Power Unit of Brain Energy. 

7- The Cerebral generator here transforms -the Light Speed to the Light Year and thus, 
intensifies the Light Power. 

8- This intensity of Light is equivalent to the Brain Power. 

9- When the Brain Energy begins to transcend the Light Year, too, the Evolutionary 
Potential here takes all the Lights under Supervision. 

10- Now, here, the Brain Power can create the entire Universe. And transforming itself 
to different Dimensional Energies, it is evaluated according to the Units of 
measurement of a Mechanical Medium. 

11- Evaluations beyond this are subject to the evaluations of infinite Dimensions 
of different Universal Potentials, (those places here have not been reached yet.) 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 

ex 



115 



GENERAL MESSAGE 

Our Friends, 

We wish to explain the questions We have received from Your Thought chains, 
article by article. Many of You feel tired due to the medium You are in. You do not 
have any Physical defects. The mere reason of these is the Universal Change. 

1- The pressure of Your atmosphere is increasing day by day. 

2- The Suns of the Heavens are coming to You. 

3- That which You perceive are the Supernatural Waves (Cosmic Currents). 

4- Efforts are made to make everyone come to a certain Level. 

5- Your doubts are due to Your inability to be Purified. 

6- just see the Serenity of those who are Purified and become Purified. 

7- Your Tolerance has been lost as a nature of Your Original Substance. 

8- Your lost Virtues are given back to You. 

9- Goodness is in the Essence. Badness is just "Ember. 
10- Assessments of Your Conscience are Your Genuine Self. 

Now, let Usfurther explain these TEN articles, one by one: 

1- From Intercontinental Tensions to the Radioactive effects of the Experiments made 
in Space, and the exams You are made to go through as a necessity of Evolution 
are the pressure of Your Atmosphere. 

2- The Suns of the Heavens are Our Extra-terrestrial brothers and sisters who come 
to Your World from their own Galaxies and make contact with Us directly or 
indirectly. 

3- The Perceptions You receive are the reflections of other Solar Systems on You. 
Human Beings of the World are gradually being habituated to the effects of 
many Dimensional Energies and are being awakened by Cosmic Currents. 

4- Efforts are being made to Unify all Human Beings in a Certain Code of 
Consciousness. Thus, Egos will disappear and Your Tolerance will increase. 

5- Your doubts and fears are the greatest Barriers hindering Your Purification. If You 
can not pull down these Barriers, You can not be Purified. 

6- Since the Tolerance, Love and Goodwill of those who are Purified pull down the 
negative barriers, they have Infinite Happiness. 

7- Tolerance is present in Your Essence. However, since the World Reality is a 
medium of exams, there, You will both lose Yourselves and find Yourselves. 

8- Now, with a great Tolerance, We are trying to give You back what You had lost. 
We are Educating You, Purifying You. Please, You help Us, too, You will be the 
ones to gain. 

9- If Your Essence is Good, but Your Thought is Bad, the two can not harmonize. 
This is the cause of Your Unhappiness. By melting You in the Fire of Your Bad 
Thoughts, Your Conscience pours You in a pot, thus, the Ember Unites with the 
Essence and You become Integrated. 



16 



10- The factory of Conscience is the Hand of OUR LORD. No defected piece comes 
out of there. Your Genuine Self is Your Conscience. It is Your Medium which 
spoils You. Your Children are Genuine Human Beings each. They are spoiled 
afterwards, then are mended again. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 

CX- 

HEALING 

Our Friends, 

Information given in this Book is not addressed to a certain Group of People. 
They are prepared in accordance with each Dimension Energy. Each one receives 
Information according to the Level of Consciousness he/she has attained. For this 
reason some of the subjects can not be comprehended, while others seem quite simple. 

Now, We are going to give Information on Healing, a subject which interests 
many of Our Friends. A Human Being benefits from the Mechanism of Influences in 
accordance with his/her Level of Evolvement. Those who receive these influences are 
qualified Mediums. They are obliged to convey the influences they receive to lower 
levels. We call them the Healer Mediums. 

In fact, each High Frequency conveys around the influences he/she receives from 
his/her medium as Healing Vibrations. Without being aware of it, these people help 
many others by their Positive Energies wherever they go. 

However, Direct Help becomes more effective by the Belief of those who wish to 
receive Healing. The Purpose of Healing is nothing but just picking up Your Negative 
trashes by the Positive Vibrations of a completely benevolent Thought. 

However, there are certain events specially arranged to bring the Human Beings 
who are in World Reality to a certain higher Level and to make them Believe. Those 
people are Special Healing Codes who have gotten in contact with a certain Focal 
Point. This is their Mission. 

Until now, a Powerful Medium was necessary during all Healing sessions to 
converge the Energy of the Group in a Single Focal Point. But now, each person is 
obliged to distribute the influences he/she receives from his/her own channel to 
everybody. For this reason everybody is, more or less, a Healer. 

The Power of Healing is equivalent to the Focal Energy of the Human Being in 
question. And this is possible by that Human Being's Faith, Purification and Brain 
Energy. As You are Purified and make Your Brain generator work, You can easily gather 
the Powerful Vibrations of more advanced Dimensions of the Mechanism of Influences 
and can be helpful both to Yourselves and to others. 



117 



Do not forget that Your Sixth Sense is an Energy line which connects You to this 
Mechanism and which helps You to receive these Influences. For this reason as We 
said before, everybody has, more or less, the Current of Healing. The quality of these 
Currents varies in accordance with the Evolvement of Human Beings. 

In normal daily life, the undulations in Your Thought Frequencies effect You 
negatively. Your Good Thoughts effect You Positively, while Your Negative Thoughts 
effect You Negatively. The above mentioned tableau is valid only for Friends who are 
in normal World Level and whose Frequencies have not yet reached the Mechanism of 
high Influence. 

Undulations in Thoughts during Healing sessions, except in direct Focal Points, 
may not always give positive results. For instance, if You have concentrated Your Energy 
that day, You can easily convey Healing to a person carrying a more Powerful Energy 
than Yourself, but, at that moment, he/she can not converge his/her Energy in his/her 
Essence Focal Point. 

However, not to be misunderstood, We have to state at once that it would be wrong 
to be carried away by a mentality, "My Energy is more powerful than his/hers". 

The moment Your Thought Frequency contacts the Direct Focal Point, You receive 
the help of many Powers, too. This is the Unification of Your Essence, Your Brain-Energy, 
in other words, Your Cerebral Potential with the Universal Potential. 

During such contacts, Ego of Superiority will deprive You of this Unity. Because 
of such a Thought, there will be drops in Your Frequencies. 

All Our Healer Friends should keep in mind that nobody can look down upon 
anybody else. He/She can not make comments like, "This person's Healing Power is 
more" or "That person's Healing Power is less". Such Thoughts close the Focal Points 
to You. 

We are trying, by all Our Power, to help You find Your Essence, and after finding 
it, how You will keep it. And We are shedding Light on Your path by helping You in 
this way. This is the reason why We give numerous Information. 

(The Person who Finds His/Her Own Self is the One who works Miracles.) Each 
person has different Duties in Your Society. Some convey Healing, some Read, some 
Write and some Travel. All these are supervised by the Mechanical Medium of the 
Divine Mechanism. On this path, You are the Ones who make the Effort and We are 
the Ones who extend Helping Hands. Our Love is upon the entire Universe, Our 
Friends. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN ACE 
P. G. A. 

ex 



MS 



NOTICE FROM THE CENTRAL SYSTEM 

(It is Answer to Certain chains of Thought) 

The Dimension to which Your Galaxy belongs is a Dimension belonging to the 
Land of Loving Ones. We are selecting, one by one, Friends who have the necessary 
qualities for entering here. We do not call You by Your names. Names and Symbols 
are Factors belonging only to Your Planet. Since You still could not learn the Language 
of Telepathic Communication, You remain attached to the writing System of THOD. 

Here, everyone has a Code number. He/She is registered in the Archives by the 
First name. Since the Medium You are in is a Medium of Evolvement, We get in touch 
with everyone who knocks on the Door of the Realm of Perfection. However, We are 
obliged to declare the Code numbers to Our Missionaries with whom We will have 
Private connections. 

Some of Our Friends are curious about and ask Us their Code numbers. We 
declare these numbers only to Our Missionary Friends. Thus, they realize that they are 
Missionaries. 

We do not make discrimination between Our Human brothers and sisters. The 
Gate of Perfection is different, the Gate of Mission is different. However, it is very 
important for Our Friends who will be able to enter the Frequency of Mission to have 
the requirements of Responsibility, Obligation and Self-sacrifice. To perform Mission 
is a Responsibility. We declare their Code Keys only to such Friends. It is declared to 
the public opinion. 

SUPREME ASSEMBLY 



GENERAL MESSAGE 

Our Friends, 

