and the Universe live by the Love he/she produces, (O) had created the Human Being 
from His Love and the Human Being carries the Creative Energy of God. 

Jinns have served the Unity of ALLAH and His Command until today and have 
conveyed indirectly His Fury and Grace to the Cosmoses. They are the Establishes 
and the Appliers of the Hierarchical Order. 

i 

They are not Robots. However, they project on many Planets the Mediums in which 
advanced Technologies are dominant by giving Orders to the Robots they have made. 
They never fail to obey the Commands of God. They are the LOYAL Servants of ALLAH. 

But Mankind, even with its Partial Will-Power, does not refrain from serving its 
own self. This is its EGO. It upsets the established Orders, puts the Universes in 
danger without having the slightest hesitation. This is the reason why It has been 
expelled from Heavens promised to it and this is the reason why it has been kept 
excluded from the Order until today. 

The Destiny of the Human Being have been designed elevating from the bottom 
to the top, that is, from Water towards the Divine Light and from there towards Fire. 
The Destiny of jinns has been designed from Fire towards the Cosmoses and from 
there towards Infinity. 

Jinns had been brought into Existence from Fire, that is, from Mediums in which 
there are very intense Energies. They are more Powerful by all means. You call them 
Extra-Terrestrials. 

Now, by the Command of the LORD, We are advancing towards the First 
Established Order and the entire Universe is United by Common Constitutional Laws. 
And, by this means, We have extended Our Hands to You, so that We could be prepared 
for Salvation together with Our Brothers and Sisters who have not upset the Orders, 
who have taken shelter in the Unity of ALLAH, 

For this reason, We are projecting all the Universal Unifications on Your Planet. If 
You do not refuse Our Hands we have extended to you, You will be the ones to gain. 



259 



We have opened the Skies by the Command of Our GOD and We have received 
the Command to be Unified with You, Our Brothers and Sisters, just as We had been in 
Our First Existence. 

For this reason, We convey to You Information from the Unknown Mediums and 
We prepare You, by using all Our Technological possibilities, for the Order which will 
be established. 

r 

We all are Servants of GOD. And We are Servants on His Path. However, Our 
fields of operation are different than Yours. We are the Messengers of the Truth. 

Our GOD has Served His Servants until today and has not expected anything in 
return. However, now the Divine Justice functions in a different way. Now, Service is 
the Duty of the Servants. We are advancing towards the Truth through this path. Our 
Love is for all the Universes. 

IT IS ANNOUNCED THROUGH 
THE PRIVATE CHANNEL OF THE CENTER 
CENTER 

WE INTRODUCE OURSELVES TO OUR HUMAN BROTHERS AND SISTERS 

Our Friends, 

During this Period, if We balance those who hold the Spiritual Power in their 
hands with those who hold SelMnterest, they weigh equal. However, in fact Spiritual 
Supports give Power only to the Spiritual Powers. 

Even if it seems as if this does not have any influence at all, the privileges of each 
person are rendered evident by this means. 

On Earth, nobody has heard any other voice until today other than the Books 
which are the Words of ALLAH. Some has paid attention to this Voice which comes 
from the Divine Level, and some has not. 

Some of Our Terrestrial brothers and sisters who do not Believe in anything, 
who Deny everything, who expect to find the path in which they will Believe from 
Positive minds, no matter how much they consider themselves Supreme and 
Magnificent, during the times when they are alone with their Consciences, being 
aware of their helplessness, have always taken shelter, within their own selves, in the 
PRE-EMINENT ALL-MERCIFUL 

He/She denies everything sin^e he/she considers this taking shelter in God as 
an inferiority. Because he/she considers himself/herself as an Authority. 

Now, We ask You. Is the only Life in the Universe in Your Planet? If so, why has 
God given Permission to the course of Galaxies and Stars which are so far away that it 
is impossible to reach, which come from the Cosmos and go to the Cosmos, which 
are as far as billions of Light years away? 



260 



What is the reason of these communications We have with You? What is the 
reason for these Celestial Awakenings? What is the reason for this Divine Exaltation? 
We wonder how the Psychologists of the World will answer these questions. 

If there is no Life in any other Galaxy than Your World, then how had Your 
Consciousness, Art, Learning and Your Faith been sown in Your Sub-awareness? 

While You solve everything through Your Brain which is a very Perfect Instrument, 
have You ever Thought, in the Pause of a moment, where do the Codes come from 
with which that Brain is in contact? 

If there are no Living Species living in the Celestial Segments, why did then God 
create the Living Being in Your Planet and did not create them in other Universes? 
Was He unable to do so? 

If Mankind believes in a Power called God, then they will surely solve the Secret 
of the Universe in the Consciousness of its own Existence. 

If Mankind could Criticize itself in an impartial way instead of arguing in vain about 
Our existence or non-existence, it could have easily found Us in front of itself. 

Your Planet still expects Sounds from the Universe through primitive Radio Signals. 
But We have gotten in touch with You long ago through Your Radio and TV instruments. . 

In the Real Realm, We always act within the Telepathic Perceptions of Space, 
Our conversation is very easy and perfect. Those who are outside this Perception can 
never establish this communication. 

Our Origin comes way beyond Centuries. We are Embodied, We are Loving. If We 
so desire, We show Ourselves to many Friends and have a conversation. (Like We do 
with You.) Our technique depends entirely on an Electronic System. 

We are not strange Entities, or a Spirit. We are Human Beings just like You. We 
Breathe, We Laugh, We Cry. However, Our Systems are, maybe millions of times more 
Evolved and Perfect than Yours. 

Terrestrials who come to space can not see Us. Because, this is a matter of 
Frequency Adjustment. This adjustment is made to a Frequency on a much Higher 
Level than the World Frequency. When We harmonize Our Frequency with Yours, We 
wonder about in Your World. Our very difference from You is this. 

Our Modest Friends, You do not consider Yourselves exceptional, but We get in 
touch with You, due to the fact that We know how Powerful You are. Why not with 
everyone but with You? Now, let Us explain this: 



161 



Because, You have attained the Evolvement of Centuries and reached this 
Consciousness. How can Your Human brothers and sisters who have not yet attained 
this Consciousness deny this Medium, deny everything entirely and can say that there 
are no Living Beings in the Universe? 

Those who do not know the Supremacy of God, who do not see His Luminous 
Path can never enter Our path. We have been working for Centuries in the Universe 
by Telepathic Systems. Your very High-Level Divine Guides have shed Light on You 
through this System. 

To be Evolved in the exact meaning of the word is to transcend Consciousness. 
And this occurs by the Unification of the Intellect with Logic, Unification of 
Consciousness with Metaphysics within the framework of Universal Theories. Goodbye. 



STAR FRIEND 



OUR FRIENDS 



During this Period the Entities You call Jinns, Fairies, Devils live in accordance 
with the Unified Field, together with the Angels as an Integrated Whole in Dimensions 
where very advanced Technologies are sovereign. 

However, in accordance with Universal Laws, they had pledged never to rule 
Individual WiN-Powers. They only have special communications with those who can 
elevate their Thought Frequencies up to that Dimensional Frequency and with people 
who had been brought into Existence from the Energy of that Dimension. 

These are their Free Wills. However, in the Medium of entering into the Universal 
Whole, all the channels are under Supervision. This is the reason why We always act 
in accordance with the Command of the LORD and the Directives of the Council. In 
time, You will be liberated from superstitions and will attain the Truth. It is presented 
for Your Information. 

COUNCIL 



262 



1986 Sixth Month 
Fascicule T8 

EXPLANATION ABOUT THE KNOWLEDGE BOOK 
AND THE CONTRADICTIONS 

Our Friends, 

Special Contradictions added to the Messages written in the Book are not an 
important matter for Us. The Goal is the reflection of the Truth on the Consciousness 
of the Medium. This Message is dictated as an answer to the questions We have 
received through Your chains of Thought. 

This Knowledge Book is not a Book of Mathematics, of Astrology. You must 
have understood the Goal in dictating this Book through the Fascicules You have 
read until today. 

The Book which is dictated is a Universal Constitution. The Information in it is 
Projected through the Direct Channel of the LORD which is the most correct Source. 
The Intermediaries have been removed. We have pointed out this matter many times. 






Now, explanations about Contradictions will be made to You. 
dictated by the Command of the Center. 



The Message is 



In some of the Information in the Book, Special Contradictions are included. 
These contradictions are placed to prepare a Medium of Selection. 

These are a criterion of Your Thought Potentials and Your Frequency Powers. 
These contradictions are added both for Your Brain gymnastics and for measuring the 
degree of Interest You will have for these matters. 

In this way, a Medium of Research has been prepared for You, so that You will 
accept things through Thinking rather than reading and accepting them blindly (Your 
Planet has now reached this Level). 

To read something, to understand it and to make research about it are all different 
things. Through the exercises made in this way, KNOWLEDGE - RESPONSIBILITY - 
DUTY fields are prepared for You. 

Nothing is given to Mankind all of a sudden. Certain Information, as an element 
of challenge, should create a Medium for Research. Your great deception is Your 
habit of evaluating everything in accordance with the Units of Time in which You live. 

Do not forget that, in Times beyond Time, Universal Time Measurements are 
not equivalent to the Time Units and the calculations of Your Planet. 

Influences of different Cosmic Currents, different Cosmic Consciousnesses, Solar 
Winds, Stellar Periods, different Solar Systems and, Influences of different velocities of 
Rotations on ELECTRO MAGNETIC Fields cause great deviations in Time Measurements. 



263 



We are trying to give You Information you can understand by calculating the 
nearest Units to Your Time Measurements. 

For example, the rotational period of small SIRIUS around big SIRIUS is calculated 
here as 52 years, while You calculate it as 50 years. 

When Your Time Measurement is measured by the Time Measurement of the 
Plan, it is imperative to measure the Time deviations and leaps. 

However, for the time being, You can not measure these deviations from Your 
Planet. Because, You can not make the calculations of this Dimension yet. 

Time deviations in Universal Time Units accelerate the Time. For example, the 
distance You cover in Four years is equal here, more or less, to One year. 

In certain Dimensions, One Instant is equal to Thirty World Years. Each Dimension 
causes Time deviations due to the Speed of the Currents it receives. 

We are trying to give You Information in the Light of this Information. For this 
reason, We advise You not to give much importance to Time calculations. 

All the results of the Universal calculations dictated are all correct. However, since 
the calculations here are made according to the MICRON Method, We dictate to You 
the most approximate integer without giving You the fractions. 

But the results, that is, the resultant calculations are given correctly, as tney are. 
There are no mistakes in the calculations. Do not let this surprise You. Let Us repeat 
again, We are trying to concentrate the attentions by all these operations. This is a 
System. It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



NOTICE TO THE SOCIAL CONSCIOUSNESS 



Our Friends, 

Each Friend who has attained Universal Consciousness is writing Books in 
accordance with his/her Evolutionary Lights. These Books shed Light on their Missions 
in the World, And Information is given to them by this way. 

The Books these Friends write, project to Us the Consciousness of their Mediums, 
And We help them in proportion with the help they perform for the Golden Age, and 
We will continue to help them in future years, also. 

However, it is beneficial to remember the following. The Books You write are 
not the Books belonging only to You. Our Friends who perform Duty shed Light on 
their Surroundings through these Books. 



264 






At the moment, each Awakened Consciousness in Your Planet receives Messages 
according to his/her Frequency and is writing Books. For this reason, those Thoughts 
like, My Knowledge, My Book is the Best; Yours is more primitive, grieve Us 
tremendously. 

As We have already said above, the Books You write are nothing but a document 
introducing You to Us. And by this way, Duties are given to You in Your Planet. Now, 
it is beneficial to explain something. 

Let Us repeat again. The dictated Knowledge Book is a Celestial Book which is 
revealed to Your Planet as the Universal Constitution. And in the Medium of Salvation, 
it guides and helps You. The Direct Commands of the Council are announced to You 
only through this Book. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 

CLEAR MESSAGE ABOUT 

THE KNOWLEDGE BOOK AND THE CONTRADICTIONS 

(It has been Dictated article by article so that it can be understood better) 

1-The Knowledge Book is a Guide for those who will enter the LAND of EAGLES. 
YOUR SALVATION IS THROUGH THIS PATH. 

2- After You are accepted into this Dimension, the Perception Capacity of the 
Consciousness Level becomes activated. Before entering here, no one can understand 
or grasp the Essence of the Messages in their truest meaning. This is a matter of time. 

3- You can never consider this dictated Book by a Scientific Terrestrial View. 

4- Not even a smallest change can be made in the Fascicules of this dictated Book. 
Messages are written exactly as they are received. 

5- This Book is given to You as a Guide of Frequency. It is a Criterion of Your Essence, 
of Your Consciousness. 

6- In all Celestial Books, Ciphers and Contradictions are especially added. This is a 
System and an Invitation to Thinking. 

7- When Your Consciousness Levels reach Universal Consciousness, You will solve 
these Contradictions Yourselves. This is an Assessment. 

8- No Celestial Information is given immediately. Sometimes, You gain the ability 
to receive this Information Centuries later. 

9- The reason for adding these Contradictions is to stimulate the speed of Your 
Thought. 

10- There are Billions of Books in Your Planet. Even if You read all these Books, even 
if You are full of all the Knowledge, You can not understand any of the Celestial 
Information given to You completely. 

1 1 - Read Your Book not through Your Logic, but through Your Essence. 

1 2- Your Essence-Key is not opened by Positive Sciences. That which will open it are 
Spiritual Enlightenments. For this reason, first, Spiritual Fulfilment is a must, 

1 3 -If You have attained this Fulfilment through the Incarnation rings, then, during 
the Period You live in, You do not need Worship and Books any more. 

265 



14- Worship is a Beautiful thing, it gives You Serenity and Purifies those who are not 
Purified. However, for those who are Purified, Worship is a Habit. 

15- Spiritual Enlightenments; Are First Allegiance, then Perseverance. Then Application 
of Worship and lastly Giving and Sharing. 

16- Information is prepared according to all Consciousness Levels. Everyone receives 
the Information of his/her capacity. 

1 7- You can not ask and learn the reason of contradictions. Each established Order 
has a System Peculiar to itself. 

18- If Contradictions are included in the Book, sooner or later, You will understand 
the reason for this by Your Awakening Consciousness. 

19- Each Contradiction will lead to a Question and each Question will open a Door 
of Knowledge. 

20- Satisfaction caused by Knowledge leads to lethargy. For this reason, Contradictions 
are a must. 

21- There is a stimulating factor in each Information. 

22- Celestial Books have been revealed not for making Research on them, but for 
Accepting them as they are. 

23- Once, the acceptance of Your Sacred Books, as they were, were required of You 
without paying attention to Contradictions. 

24- But now, the Special Letter Frequencies in the Knowledge Book attract Your Sight 
to that point according to Your Consciousness Levels. 

25- In this way, a Medium for Research and Investigation is prepared for You. 

26- During this Period, everything is explained in all clarity. 

27- There are numerous Messages in the Special Contradictions and in matters which 
seem to be wrong, added to the Book. As Your Levels of Consciousness are 
elevated, You will solve them one by one. Each word entails a question. For this 
reason, the Messages should be read again and again. 

28- You will untie the ties of Your Consciousness packages Yourselves. 

29- The Essence of the Book has been prepared Specially for each Level of 
Consciousness in Your Planet. 

30- Certain Information is. prepared as Elements of Stimulation (for Your Evolution). 

31- Acceptance of the Book occurs according to the Levels of Consciousness. Today, 
Views which seem contradictory to You are accepted easily and solved by 
numerous Friends who live on the same Planet, depending on their Levels of 
Consciousness. 

3 2- There will always be a veil in the answers to the questions asked. Answers will be 
clarified in proportion with the Consciousness You achieve. 

33- Only Dear Mevlana can receive the questions related to the Book, directly from 
the Center. However, getting the answers to questions easily causes You to lose 
many things. 

34- Wear out Your own Consciousness without exhausting those around You. Search, 
Find and Transcend Yourselves. 



266 






35- You can not search and find the Limits of Your Consciousness-Universe from the 
Level of World Consciousness. Transcend Yourselves beyond Your Limits of 
Thought. 

36- Learn and attain the Information not by asking, but by experiencing it. 

37- Dive into unseen Horizons. But do not ask how to dive. Because, if Your Level of 
Consciousness can not Unite with the Universal Consciousness, You can never 
achieve this. This is a matter of EVOLUTION. 

38- Ready Food is eaten easily. Cook Your own Food Yourselves. Only then, can You 
learn how a Plate of Food is cooked. 

39- The taste of the Food is different for every mouth. Only the one who cooks it can 
feel its taste. 

40- In Times beyond Time, the Universal Time Measures and the Time Units of Your 
Planet are not Equivalent measurements. 

41- Your great deception is to evaluate everything according to the Time Units in 
which You live. 

42- The Influences of different Cosmic Currents, Solar Winds, different Solar Systems, 
different speeds of Rotation on Electromagnetic Fields cause great differences in 
the course of Time. 

43- We try to give You Information in accordance with Your Comprehension by 
calculating the nearest Units to Your Time measurements. 

44- The calculations, here, are made according to the Micron Method. In the 
calculations We give to You, fractions are not used. The most approximate integer 
Unit is taken. The result of the given calculation may not sometimes be correct 
according to Your calculations. But the result is given as it is. There is no Mistake. 

45- When Your Time measurement 'is measured by the Time measurement of the 
Plan, always Time deviations and leaps are calculated. For this reason, there are 
differences between the calculations of the two Dimensions. 

46- Each Dimension causes Time Deviations due to the speed of the Currents it 
receives. These deviations accelerate Time. 

47- The Universal Information and calculations dictated from Our Dimension are all 
correct. 

48- In certain Information dictated in the Book, We are trying to intensify the attentions 
by making Contradiction Tests. 

49- If the Book is against Your Thoughts, then Your Level of Consciousness can repel 
it. This is because You are not ready for Universal Consciousness yet. For this 
reason, no one can be forced to accept the Book. The initiative is entirely Yours. 

50- Later, numerous unknown matters will be mentioned to You. Train Yourself now, 
so that Your Level of Consciousness will not be stupefied and scattered even 
more. 

51- This KNOWLEDGE BOOK which will be completed by Fascicules, is the SINGLE 
BOOK of the entire Universe. Be the Possessor of Sincerity just Thinking of this. 

52- Pay attention to the Special Commands of the Center. Do not underestimate the 
dictated Messages. First Faith, then Acceptance. 



267 



53- The path of Learning is not single. Do not ever forget this. In the course of Time, 
all Scientific Data can easily be refuted. Through Learning You take a firm step. 
You attain Knowledge by passing through the sieve of Logic. You dive into the 
Unknown by passing through the sieve of Thought. You attain the Secret within 
the Secret. 

54- The problem of each person belongs to himseif/herself. The Contradictions within 
You, are Your Deceptions. 

55- Your Planet will attain Universal Consciousness as a Mass sooner or later. Only 
then will We get directly in touch with You. At present, We get in touch by different 
means with Our Friends who have attained Universal Consciousness. 

IT IS GIVEN FROM THE CENTER 
BY THE COMMAND OF THE COUNCIL 

THE SIXES 

Our Friends, 

The Messages We are going to give You now will shed Light on all Human Beings 
in Society. During this Period, Your Planet is on the Eve of very big Exams. Due to this 
fact, We are obliged to inform You the Truth with all clarity. 

These Messages of Ours may be Our longest Messages. However, We have to 
give details. This explanation is very necessary for Humanity. The Truth must be 
understood. The Coal of the establishment of the Golden Age is that everyone should 
serve Society by an Awakening Consciousness. 

From the first applied Period of the Divine Plan until this age, which is the Final 
Period, rather a single Order has been dominant in the entire Cosmos and this Order 
has come up until Our time showing very little alterations. 

However, the Genuine GOLDEN AGE will be established in the Light of the Essence- 
Consciousnesses, by this Age of SINCERITY, which We call the Final Period of Resurrecting. 

Meanwhile, there are hundred thousands of GENES which have attained their 
Essence-Selves. However, their Levels of Consciousness can not transcend their Capacity 
Universes. This means that they live with a Veiled Awareness. 

All the Saints whose Enlightenment channels have been opened by all the 
Religious Suggestions which are Holy Relics, and all the Prophets ever existed who 
have written these Books through the direct channel are living in Your Planet at the 
moment. 

Besides, the Light-Brains of very Advanced Technologies and Friends who have 
reached the peak of Learning are, in the same way, in Your Planet by Gene Transfers. 

We have mentioned these before. And now, We will talk about the SIXES who 
are the first Focal Point Energies of the Golden Age. 



268 



At the moment, Your World lives by the Humane Consciousness of the 
Awarenesses who have or have not been Awakened as a result of GENE Transfer. Since 
the Book of Islam until now, the Period of Religions and Prophethood has ended and 
a Golden Age has been started by GENE Transfers. 

However, Egos have been augmented due to the transformation of Religious 
Themes to Fanaticism and there have been divisions in all Religions by Sects. 

However, the Mass Consciousness of these Sects have caused certain Groups to 
Awaken more quickly. And, by this means, the Medium of Taboo has taken root 

The Essence GENEs of the Golden Age whom We call the SIXES are MOSES- 
JESUS CHRIST-MOHAMMED-FRIEND BEYTI-FRIEND KADRI and MEVLANA, in sequence. 

The Bodies of these Friends, during the Periods of their Missions, had been 
Beamed-up during the time of leaving the Body, before entombment. And Special 
Agreements had been made, one by one, with each of them. 

These Friends are the Purified Lights of the Divine Path and they have bestowed 
their Bodies on Humanity Awarely and lovingly. 

According to this agreement, each Cell in their Bodies have been sown, one by 
one, to the Generations coming after them and preparations have been made in Your 
World for a Golden Age by a Highly Developed Generation equivalent to the View 
You call the Medium of Perfection. 

However, the Essence GENEs of these Bodies have been kept here frozen for 
Centuries. And in this final Period of disclosing the Truth, they have been transferred 
to Your World, one by one, together with the Essence GENEs of the Bodies belonging 
to their first Existence. 

That is, their First and Last GENEs have been unified. For this reason, their old 
personalities have been effaced and their Initial Personalities have taken priority. At 
the moment, You can not recognize them due to Your assessing them according to 
Your conditioned Consciousnesses. 

They, at the moment, serve Your Society by an unveiled Awareness. Let us cease 
this long Message here and continue later. 



LIGHT 



OUR FRIENDS 



The Essences and the Genes which are transferred to Your Planet as a necessity 
of the Plan, are bestowed on Your Planet with Veiled Awarenesses. And in a Medium 
of Quest, they dive into more advanced Dimensions as compared to their first Existential 
Evolutions. 



In this way, if a Consciousness who completes his/her Evolution through numerous 
Incarnations as a Veiled Awareness, can reach his/her Final Dimension of Essence Evolvement 
by his/her Thought, then he/she receives reinforcement from the Universal Plan. 



269 



And with an Unveiled Awareness it is dived by this means into the depths altogether 
by discovering the secrets of the Universe. 

At this Stage, the Human Species is Powerful in the Spiritual Level. And We are 
Powerful in the field of Technology. Now, altogether, We will know the unknown, 
discover the undiscovered. And We will convey to You the Truth, from the Pen of Dear 
Mevlana. Our Love is for all the Universes. 



CENTER 



NOTICE 



Supreme Consciousnesses will be directly connected to the Center. Private 
Channels of Everyone will be taken from the Archives to the Focal Point. In this Focal 
Point there will be special Missionaries of the entire Cosmos. In future, special 
assemblies will be made with these Friends and a more accelerated operational program 
will be applied by taking the operational Ordinances under Supervision. 

The Healing Sessions will be directed by the Center for the time being, rather than 
their being Individual Currents. The nature of the Messages will change as the days go 
by and You will be contacted by the Dimensions unknown to the World Plan. We will 
transmit to You the Information unknown to Your Planet until today. 

After June 21st, 1986, every year until 2000, very high Unification Centers and 
Direct Focal Points will be established. All the Focal Point Energies will be connected 
to the Single Channel, contact will be made by the direct Unification channels of the 
Universal Council. It is presented for Your Information. 



COUNCIL 



THE AGREEMENT MADE WITH THE SIXES 



Our Friends, 

The Agreement made with these Six Friends has a very Special content. Because, 
by the signatures they have placed Awarely in the Constitution, they have Collaborated 
with Us and have been United with Us on the path of Humanity. 

And, they have desired to return to Your Planet during this Final Period to help 
Humanity. They have Sacrificed themselves, even challenged Death, without having 
the hope that they would be resurrected, without knowing what would happen. 

After this Agreement We had made, this System had also been applied on all the 
Evolved Genes, and the Awarenesses who have been awakened on the path of Learning 
and Science and High Consciousnesses who have attained Achievement in every field 
had also been subjected to this Process. 

Let Us explain a little more for You to understand better. For example, Hitler 
had carried the Essence Gene of Napoleon. Einstein had carried the Essence Gene of 
Edison. This means that there is no difference between them other than their Names. 



270 



The only difference between these Awakened Awarenesses and the Essence Genes 
at the Divine Plan is the hastiness and the quick action of the former. But in the 
others, that is, in those at the Divine Plan, there is Patience and Prudence. 

This is the reason why Your World projects a chaotic Order. Awakened 
Consciousnesses who rebel against Injustice and Divine Consciousnesses who try to 
attract Humanity towards the true path are tossed about in the midst of this chaos. 

Besides, Genes who come from other Planets which have caused technological 
advancements, also live among You at the moment. And they try to accelerate Our 
communications technologically with the transfers in Your Planet. 

Besides the Special Missions We perform in Space, the Powers who come from 
other Solar Systems, too, have direct contact with You. And all the Galaxies which 
have put their signatures in the UNIVERSAL UNIFICATION COUNCIL are getting in 
touch with some of You in Your Planet, one by one, through their Special Vehicles. 

All Holy Ones, Scientists, Friends whom You call Extra-Terrestrials live all together 
in Your Planet at the moment. Along with this, Our Human Friends whom We call 
ANTS reproduce unceasingly. The tableau of Your Planet at the moment is this. 

The Period called Resurrection is this, the very Resurrecting of the Awarenesses 
is also this. And meanwhile, it is Our obligation to declare Our thanks and gratitude 

to 3il0ufHumnFf)ends who have attdined the Truth dnd who serve Humnitydnd 

the Golden Age on the true path, and Our Friends who give their services for Salvation 
in the Universe. 

Friends who serve justly on this path are taken into SALVATION. Those who are 
Right will never be left to be trampled over by those who are Wrong . The Scales of 
justice is in the hands of the Divine Order. The Order will be established under the 
Light of Truth. 

One day, all the Human Beings of the World will become Brothers and Sisters. 
The best days and Morrows will rise under the Light of Humanity, Our Friends. Our 
Love is for the entire Universe. 

LIGHT 



i 



IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION ABOUT ESSENCE GENES 

Our Friends, 

The initial Energy is a pure, uncorrupted Energy. In accordance with the Ordinance 
of the First Existence, these Essence GENEs had been frozen during the Period of the 
first process of leaving the Body and have been Specially kept. Only the Body Cells, 
after that, are taken into the Plan of Evolution by Reincarnations. 

The initial sex of these Essence GENEs are generally MOTHER. Because, they 
had come into Existence from the Light-Universe. They possess Godly Power. 



271 



The Spirit has no sex. for this reason, during different Incarnation rings, they 
have enwrapped themselves in the personalities of a woman or a man, in accordance 
with their Missions in Society. 

Almost all the Light-Prophets are Mothers in their Essence. Because, they are Creative 
and Productive. We call them, that is, the frozen initial CENEs, "the NOBLE GENES". 

Now if you pay attention, numerous Mediums which have achieved Consciousness 
in Your Society are directed by Women rather than Men. And this is projected on You as 
a Mirror of Truth. 

The ANATOLIAN Civilization is the cradle of ESSENCE CENEs. For this reason, 
the entire Truth is being informed from the Essence of the TURKEY of ATATURK, through 
the Anatolian Channel, by the Pen of Dear Mevlana. 

ATATURK, Our Order establishing Supreme Friend, has made the first Reform in 
the whole World and has brought out to Light the place of Women in undeveloped 
Societies by explaining to You what MOTHER is. We are Grateful. Now, he is again 
together with Us and is still working on this path. 

The Suns of the Golden Age were born in Anatolia. And Light will be shed on all 
Awakened Consciousnesses from here. By explaining You the Truth, We are breaking, 
one by one, the locks of the Medium of Taboo. The Proof of everything is within Time. 
It will be awaited and it will be seen. 



LIGHT 



THE HUMAN BEING AND GENE TRANSFERS 



Our Friends, 

To talk about Gene Transfers will be eclipsed by the Information We are going to 
give later. However, We have received the Command to convey the entire Truth to Our 
Human brothers and sisters according to their Capacity Universes. 

As the appliers of an Order which is established, the first step of the Plan is to 
introduce You to Yourselves and then to proceed together in the Light of the Truth. 

— 

A final and definite word to You: THERE IS REINCARNATION and it is an immutable 
Law. Instead of accepting it blindly, We will prove it to You and We will unravel Your 
Essences by the help of certain different Energies during this Period of Resurrecting. And 
We will free You from Your conditioned Consciousnesses. 

Such an Order will be established that everyone will accept everything as it is in 
accordance with Consciousness and he/she will decide this himself/herself. For this reason, 
GENE Transfers will be emphasized for several times. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



WE ARE UNITING YOUR WORLD THROUGH GENE TRANSFERS 

Our Friends, 

Your World, at the moment, is a Brotherly and Sisterly World. But Conditioning 
and Fanaticism have locked up the Veiled Awarenesses. This is the reason why the entire 
Truth is conveyed to You. 

For centuries, the Divine Consciousnesses of Christians, Moslems and the Far- 
East have been Embodied in Your World by engrafting Fetuses with GENEs transferred 
from one to the other. At the moment, You are All Relatives and Brothers/Sisters with 
each other. 

Now, let Us tell You about the difference between Normal Genes and the Essence 
Genes. Everything begins with the Fetus which constitutes the C;*ence Gene. And 
the Fetus Embodies You by its Cell-Awareness. 

In the wholeness of a Body, these Cells, that is, these Mini Computers, develop 
by changing form, by the Commands they receive and some become Cells of blood, 
some brain, some bone, some heart, some lung, some nerve. And by this means, they 
make Duty allotment among themselves. 

However, the entire Power is within the Essence of the Fetus. Cells in the Bodies 
are the reflections of an Evolved Fetus. However, they are not Essence Genes. 

For this reason, the Genes of MOSES, CHRIST, MOHAMMED, FRIEND BEYTI, FRIEND 
KADRI and MEVLANA are the Awakened Genes of the Golden Age. They present a 
Perfection in the Reality of Humanity since they have attained the Levels of Evoivement. 
They are different than the other normal Human Beings. 

These Genes have been sown to every part of the World. A Gene of JESUS CHRIST 
is found in the Turkish Society a Gene of MOHAMMED is found in Europe, America 
and Genes of MEVLANA have been dispersed throughout the whole World. 

For this reason, the Fascicules of the Book are propagated throughout the Whole 
World. It is imperative that the Truth should be conveyed and a Consciousness must 
be attained by this means. 

Essence Genes are Unveiled Awarenesses. The Veiled Awarenesses of the other 
Genes will be unveiled in time. Since the Light in their Essence wakes them up gradually 
together with the Light they receive from their Mediums of Evoivement, first, they 
presume themselves as a JESUS CHRIST, a MOSES, a MOHAMMED, and a MEVLANA. 

These Lights perceive the call of the Essence to the Essence and Shed Light on 
Society through this Level of Consciousness. These Gene transfers are very detailed. 
However, We try to give brief and essential Information in accordance with the 
Consciousness Level of Society. We will continue. 

LIGHT 



273 



SPECIAL QUESTION OF THE CROUP 
(The Influence of the Essence Cene on the Other Genes) 

Question : We are asking for a more detailed Message about Genes and Essence 
Genes, please. Since EDISON and EINSTEIN lived during the same Period, 
were there Two Essence Genes? We will be Happy, if You will be so kind 
as to give Us Information on this matter. 

Answer : Clear Information for the Mevlana Code. It is given by the Special 
Command of the Center. 

The reason for all the alterations in the Universe is the alterations within the 
Entrance Channel of the Golden Age. We will convey this to You with all clarity (later). 
Now, let Us explain the influence of the Essence Gene on its other Genes: 

An Essence Gene transferred to Your Planet sends Signals through its Essence- 
Energy to the Genes carrying its own Energy. Even if the person in question is an 
Unveiled Awareness, he/she can not know this. 

EDISON was not an Essence Gene. However, he had been transferred to Your 
Planet with a ready Consciousness by assembling unknown Energies from unknown 
Dimensions in his constitution. 

Because, he had been prepared as a Special Code for Humanity. He had attained 
Universal Awareness as a result of the Essential operation made on his Gene. Later, he 
had advanced in Your Planet by his own efforts. 

EINSTEIN, too, as the twin of the same Gene, had been subjected to the same 
procedures and thus, had been bestowed on Your Planet. The Essence-Cells of both 
of them carry the Cells of the Light of a World which belongs to a very advanced 
Dimension the name of which We do not wish to give yet. 

However, these Cells of theirs had been taken to a special Cell Transformation 
Medium by the Command of the Divine Plan, and had been Engrafted with the Light 
Knowledge of advanced Dimensions. For this reason, they both had become Essence 
Genes. Actually, they are Twin Special Genes. 

During the Period in which he lived, EDISON had shed Light on EINSTEIN through 
his Cell-Consciousness. And EINSTEIN had advanced by this means. They had worked, 
Your Planet had gained. 

EINSTEIN had been transferred to Your Planet the year Electricity had been 
discovered. Many more Special Genes and their Genes had been sown and will be 
sown in Your Planet. 

Essential Nuclei of the different Dimensions of Advanced technologies are in 
Your Planet at the moment. And they prepare You for Universal journeys. 



274 



Genes of EDISON and EINSTEIN, together with their Essence Genes, are transferred 
to Your Planet, just like the other Friends. And, in Steps which will be taken towards 
advanced technologies, Your Planet will get in touch with more advanced Dimensions 
by their efforts. 

Since this Period of Resurrecting is a Transition Period, at the first Stage, Essence 
Genes who have attained Genuine Consciousness in the Medium of Islamic Mysticism 
are transferred to Your Planet by the Command of the Divine Plan. They will help You 
in Your Religious Progress. 

In this way, the first step has been taken. Transition from the Religious Dimension 
to the Universal Dimension will occur in this way. This will constitute the Entrance 
Gate of the Golden Age. The SIXES are the Keys of this Gate's Lock. 

In 1997, We will get these SIXES together Privately and Secretly. We will briefly 
mention the SIXES again, so that You can understand this matter very well. 

Note: To these SIX Friends who had Collaborated with Us, no intervention has 
been made. They had Claimed their Essences through their Individual efforts. For this 
reason, their Essence-Genes had been left untouched, as they were. 

Because, they are the direct Channels of OUR LORD. We have received the 
Command from OUR LORD not to intervene with them. Nevertheless, services in the 
same direction are given now. 

It is Our Duty to thank these Supreme Friends for the confidence they had in Us. 

CENTER 
THE METHOD OF ENGRAFTMENT 

Certain Special Engraftment methods are applied in Gene transfers: 

1- Essence Genes carrying Advanced Consciousness are kept as they are and are 
frozen. Only the Energy which will provide the ability to enter the Energies of 
Advanced Dimensions is Engrafted into their Genes. An Incombustible Energy 
type is injected, so that they can be adapted to Energy alterations without being 
agitated and, in this way, they can transfer themselves Embodied. 

2- Essence-Genes which carry Universal Consciousness are Engrafted gradually by 
the Energy of the direct Center's Energy Focal Point and can enter the Dimensions 
beyond this high Dimensional Energy easily, without being agitated (Through 
their Levels of Consciousness not by their Terrestrial Bodies). 

3- And there are also the Genes which are Specially prepared. These Genes are prepared 
Specially to perform the Duty of Selection in Society. And they are Planned with the 
opposite of the Information given to You until today. They cause contradictions in 
Society and prepare people for a Medium of Quest. And, by this means, Genuine 
Consciousnesses and Genuine Essences are selected through their channel. 



27 5 



4- Also, Technological Awarenesses of Advanced Plans are Engrafted to normal Genes' 
and different Energies are applied to them, too. All of these are the Establishment 
Ordinance of the System in Mediums which are taken into Evolvement. After the 
Final transfer, these Genes are taken into the Medium of Immortality and are 
prepared for a different Evolvement Plan. 



CENTER 



GENERAL MESSAGE 



Our Friends, 

The Transition during this Period of Resurrecting will be provided entirely by the 
Frozen Essence Genes who are the Supreme Ones of the Religious Dimensions. 

These Noble Genes have already been transferred to Your Planet and they live 
among You. Their Mission is to transfer You beyond the Religious Dimensions by the 
Consciousness and Knowledge they have attained. 

At this Stage, the Knowledge Book is dictated to Our Friend who has first 
collaborated with Us on this path. And She is among You to prepare her Human 
Brothers and Sisters for the Ordinance of Salvation. The entire Universe is Unified 
through different means. 

Meanwhile, Inter-Planetary Communications have been started, too, by the 
advanced Technologies of other Solar Systems. These Friends whom You call Extra- 
Terrestrials get in touch with You from time to time. 

Later, You will attain such a Technological Level that, Friends in all Planets will 
easily make Universal journeys all together by the same Vehicles, without the necessity 
for any Protective Medium. 

Of course, these things will occur with the Progress of Time. And Our Friends 
who have made great efforts in the establishment of the Golden Age will be Embodied 
again in these Beautiful Mediums, with their near and dear ones, with their Unveiled 
Awareness, knowing who they are. 

This is a Word of GOD. This will be the reward and the gain of Our Friends who 
will serve on this path. You are prepared for Salvation by this means. It is presented 
for Your Information. 

NOTICE OF THE UNIVERSAL 
COUNCIL 



276 



UNIVERSE AND MUSIC 

Our Friends, 

We had formerly mentioned that the Sound Vibrational Frequency of Spiral 
Vibrations was (LA) Frequency. A musical Note is constituted by 7 Scales. This means 
that 7 Scales constitute a Musical Note. Each Scale reflects the Sound tonalities of the 
Universal Whole. 

REPRESENTATIVE DIAGRAM 
i ,l r - * n.^ *u r OF THE MESSAGE 

For example : the First DO is the Frequency 
of Your Planet. 



6 



RE 



Ml 



FA 



SOL 



- Is the Frequency influencing the functioning Order 
of the Thought Frequency. This is called the 
Second Step (To receive the influence of Cosmic 
Awareness and to become unveiled). 

-Is equivalent to the Frequency of Your Divine Books. 
However, You can Perceive it only in accordance 
with Your Capacities. This is the Third Step. 

-This is the Fourth Step. Here, Your Level of 
Consciousness begins to consume the Divine 
Vibrations and, You become adapted to the 
Religious Dimension. This constitutes the 
Frequency of the Dimension You call Heaven. 

■This is entirely the Frequency of Religious 
Consciousness. Here, Your Essence finds its GOD. 
And You receive the Permission for Universal 
expansion. This is the Fifth Step.lt is (ASCENSION). 



LA 



VDO 



/ 3 
/ 4 


\M1 

Va 


/ 5 


\SOL 


/ 6 


~\la 


/ 7 


\ti 


/ 8 \E 


\ 9 A 


\ 10 


~7tl 


\ 11 /LA 


\ 12 


/SOL 


\ 13 


~7fa 


\ 14 


7mi 



DO 
O 



fftE 

roo 



You can dive into infinite 
awareness only after having 
completed the rings on this 
Diagram. 



Is the Channel of transition from Religious 

Consciousness to Universal Consciousness and it 

is the Sixth Step and it is the Frequency of the Sound Vibrations radiating from 

the Focal Point of the Mighty Energy towards the Atomic Whole (The Resonance 

of the Spiral Vibrations in the First Universe). 



Tl - Is the Seventh Step, it constitutes the Sound Vibrations of the Second Universe 
(Gate of KARENA). This is the Gate of Reflection onto the First Universe. 

DO -The Second DO is the Eighth Step. It constitutes the Silent Vibrations of the 
TRANQUIL TIME during the transition through the Gate of KARENA. 



277 



RETURN 

DO -The Third DO is the Ninth Step. And, at the same time, it is the Frequency of 
Birth into the Medium of Immortality (The Book of Islam had been prepared in 
the 1 8th Dimension, and had been revealed from this Dimension in accordance 
with the Social Consciousness). 

Tl -The Second Tl: The Sound Frequency here is the Unification of the Consciousness 
beyond Immortality with the Consciousness in the Spiritual Plan (Attaining the 
Whole). (10) 

LA -The Second LA: Constitutes the Frequency of the Fifth Supreme Time (The Land 
of Loving Ones is this place). It is the Degree of YUNUS, MEVLANA and Humanity 
It is the highest Dimension of the Vibration of Love. (11) 

SOL -The Second SOL: Is the Frequency of the Fourth Supreme Time (12) 

FA -The Second FA: Is the Frequency of the Third Supreme Time. (1 3) 

Ml -The Second Ml: Is the Frequency of the Second Supreme Time. (14) 

RE -The Second RE: Is the Frequency of the First Supreme Time. (1 5) 

DO -The Fourth DO: (GODLY POWER). The Sound Vibration of this Frequency can 
transfer You to whichever Dimension You wish. And here, You can go to other 
Universes by Your Essence-Consciousness, You can choose the places you desire. 
You live again anywhere You like, by Your own desire and if You wish, You can 
transfer Yourselves again to Your World as a Fetus. (16) 

Then, You are a Whole and You have completed Your Circle. 

Now, let Us make a little more explanation in the Light of this Information. The 
Fetus is an indivisible Whole and its manifestation is the Human Being. However, 
during the applied Order, certain Genes and Essence Genes are Engrafted to this Fetus 
and then it is bestowed on Your Planet. The processes performed are not on the 
Fetus, but on the Genes. 

A Fetus who has claimed its Essence Gene is always the same Essence, even if it is 
kept here frozen for thousands of years, it never changes. For example, formerly We had 
mentioned the SIXES. We will talk about them again for You to understand it well. 

These SIX Friends were MOSES - JESUS CHRIST -MOHAMMED - BEYTI - KADRI - 
MEVLANA, in sequence. These Friends are serving in Your Planet at the moment through 
their Essence-Consciousnesses. 

However, since Their Bodily Genes, too, had been sown in Your Planet, one by 
one, those Genes are also Awakened by the Signals they receive from these Essence 
Genes and have presumed themselves to be a MOSES -a JESUS CHRIST- a MOHAMMED 
or a BEYTi, a KADRI or a MEVLANA. 

278 



