Universe is an Awareness, too. The one who reads You, writes about You and the 
one who reads the Universe, writes about the Universe. Everything which is read 
is written one day. However, even writing is a matter of Permission. Because, 
You are subject to the Law of Evolution. 

21- Mankind, one day, will completely solve the secret of the Universe and itself and 
will become Godlike. It will create the Flower, the Beetle, the Grass and it will 
even create Itself. But it will never be able to become the ALMIGHTY, 

SPECIAL NOTICE OF THE CENTER 



COMMAND FROM THE SUPREME ONE 
(It is General Information for Various Chains of Thought) 

The'Message will be explained Article by Article; 
1 - The Spirit is a Whole and it is Indivisible. 

2- Each Entity possesses its own Spirit, 

3- No Spirit can ever enter in another one. 

4- Togethernesses and channel conversations occur with other Spirits. 

5- If Your Spiritual Energy is weak, a more Powerful Energy can dominate You. You 
call this Obsession. 

6- You can liberate Yourselves from this domination by means of Your Will-Power 
and Your efforts. 



159 



7- If Energies charged with Duty who are on a higher level than You, see Your Light 
and love You and wish to train You, they assist You by giving You various 
Information. 

8- When You reach the Level of the Spiritual Energy which trains You, then higher 
Energies begin to give You different Information from then on. And this goes on 
Interminably (to the infinity). 

9- You are a Vision while You live in the Real Realm. 

10- In fact , You are a Robot of flesh, a Computer. 

11- You are Living Entities who Possess only a part of Your Wili-Power. 

12- Your Spirit is not within You. (In other words, it is not within Your Body.) 

13- Your Spirit is never Divided since it is within the Whole Energy. 

14- The Emanations of Your Cellular Energies which form a Whole in the Real Realm 
connects You to certain Dimensional Energies. 

15- The higher the Level of Dimensions are, the higher will be the Level of Information 
You receive. 

16- This is provided by Reincarnation repetitions. (Evolvement is this.) 

17- All the Universes and Galactic Mediums are an Atomic Transmission field. 

18- You are trained by the Evolved Spiritual Energies of the field You enter. 

19- Those who assist You from the Energetic Dimensions to which Your Body and 
Brain Energies extend, act as mediators and give You Information by Getting in 
Touch with their Spiritual Energies. 

20- There is Embodiment in each System, in each Galaxy in accordance with their 
own Mediums. 

21- If You are in the Planet Earth today, tomorrow You can become Embodied in 
Venus, in Mars, or in Mercury by means of the Power of Your Spiritual Energies. 
(You can complete Your Evolution). 

22- The SOUL within You, in other words, within Your Essence, constitutes the Essence 
Potential of Your Physical Energy. 

23- Your Physical Transmission is propagated around through all your Cellular means. 

24- This is the Energy which connects You to the Indivisible Whole, that is, to Your 
Essence Spirit and it is called the (Kundalini) Energy. 

25- The Spiritual Energy is making Transmissions from the Medium of Existence it is 
in for billions of years. It exists, it is Immortal. It neither decreases nor vanishes. 
It is a Mighty Energy. 

26- You, the Embodied Entity approach it gradually. 

27- It is not the Spirit which leaves the Body at the moment of death. It is the Potential 
Power of the Physical Energies as a Whole. 



160 



28- The Energy of this Potential Power of Yours becomes exalted and gains more 
Power by means of the Dimensional Energies it enters into, in accordance with 
Your Evolvement. If this Potential Power of Yours remains at the same Medium, 
You enter into Terrestrial Bodies over and over again from the Medium which 
You call the Spadium and keep living in the same shape You are living in now. 

29- If You can Evolve Your Energy up to the Medium of other Galaxies, then You may 
attain different Methods of Embodiment there. For instance; You can create 
anything the moment You Think of it. You can establish a World in which You 
can live in the shape of the Terrestrial Body. 

30- As Your Cellular Energy gets nearer to the Spiritual Potential, Essence Generators 
of many Supreme Authorities convey to You what they have learned by giving 
You numerous Information while You approach there. 

31- When Your Physical and Cerebral Energies gain the Power, like an arrow to open 
each Door standing in front of them, the special Guardians of each Door Test 
You. The Door is opened only if You have gained the required Potential to enter 
there. 

32- You come in front of such a Door that, there, Being has no validity. 

33- You get United within a Whole. In other words, Your Cerebral and Cellular 
Energies claim Your Spiritual Energy which is within the Mighty Energy. At that 
moment, You become a Whole. This is the Medium of Unity, this is Union. This is 
what the Islamic Mysticism talks about. 

34- At that very moment You become Allness in Nothingness. 

35- This state is a Tranquil Time where all Galactic Mediums, all speeds of Light calm 
down. And You live here as immortals. You go anywhere You like the moment 
You wish. You shed Light on Your World if You desire or live to Your Heart's 
content. From then on, You are a Free Spirit, a Free Awareness. 

36- From beyond this Medium which is limitless, there begin such different Universes 
that they have been called Seven Terrestrial Layers, Seven Celestial Layers for You 
to understand. 

37- The Seven Terrestrial Layers are the Boundary of arrival to the Medium of Unity 
from Your Planet Earth. 

38- And the Seven Celestial Layers mean transcending this Boundary. 

39- Many a Sage, when they pass the Exam of the Genuine Human Being Code, get 
the Permission to Pass through the Door of this boundary. (Like Your Prophets 
and Wise People.) This is Ascension. 

40- The Ascension, which is mentioned in the Sacred Books, differs in accordance 
with the comprehension of each person. In fact, Ascension is a Gateway which 
opens to the Firmament. And it is beyond the Divine Order where all Dimensions 
terminate. 

41- Now, with the help of the Friends in the Divine Realm, We have opened the 
Seven Celestial Layers to all the Living Entities who are at the Seven Terrestrial 
Layers. And, as a result of the Command for the Inter-Galactic Unification, We 
assemble You together and induce You to make Your Second Evolvement. 



161 



42- You are passing through the Sirat* while You are on Your World. 

43- Your fixed ideas are hindering Your Evolvement. 

44- The Energies of the opened Heavens are not the Energies and Waves which You 
know. 

45- We use the expressions, Radio waves, Television and UFOs in order to explain 
them to You. In fact, these are the primitive means of the Technology here. 

46- Your most Powerful Energies are Your Cerebral and Spiritual Energies. 

47- The System here is Getting in Touch with You directly by this means. 

48- The Inter-Continental conflicts on Your Planet Earth are caused by the Living 
Entities coming from different Galaxy Mediums. 

49- Ego, in the Seven Terrestrial Layers is a Powerful Potential. Unless You overcome 
it fire, blood and war will cause You trouble. 

50- Now, We Inter-Continentally Propagate this Book to explain to You what Universal 
Unification means. 

51 - The Universal Codes of all the Living Entities of the entire Universe have been opened 
in this Period. By this means, they are attaining Consciousness by getting in touch 
with Us. However, We are obliged to tell the Truth to Dear Mevtana who is the 
direct Channel of Anatolia. The Information Transmission Field is this Center. 

52- The Awakened Consciousnesses in Groups are Supervised in accordance with 
the degree of their Wakefulness. 

53- Everyone will have conversations from the Energy channel to which they belong 
beginning from the Third Month of 1985. 

54- Thus, everyone will convey the Information from the Energy Section to which he/ 
she belongs and will provide the Universal Unification. 

55- Those who read the Fascicules of the Book will attain the Truth in accordance 
with their degree of Wakefultness. 

56- The studies and connections will thus be arranged until the Twelfth Month of 
the World year 1 986 and the Genuine Human Beings will attain the Consciousness 
of serving the Single Hand through their Logic. 

57- The Genuine Divine Order will be established only then. 

58- The Universal Aim and Totality means the Single Hand - the Single Book - the 
Single Order. 

59- Do not evaluate Your Book by the standards of Religious Books. We have bound 
all Your Religious Books in a Single Book. And We have expanded towards fields 
of Knowledge beyond Religions. 

60- Proof of everything is within Time. 

SUPREME ASSEMBLY 



* Look at the Glossary 



162 



GENERAL MESSAGE 

Our Friends, 

An Entity can not always put his/her Thoughts into the Application Field. He/ 
She is faced with many Contradictory Reactions. This does not mean that he/she 
can not Evolve. 

Everyone Evolves beginning from Birth until leaving the World, rapidly or gradually 
in accordance with his/her Capacity. Contradictory Reactions always speed up 
Evolvement. 

Your Awareness is wider than Your Terrestrial Realization. It is Your Body which 
restricts You. For this reason, from time to time, there are outbursts and rebellions both in 
the Awareness of Your Essence and in the Awareness of Your Constitutional Being. 

The Imbalance of these two states of Awareness is the cause of Your inability to 
open Your gates of Knowledge. The more You approximate Your Essence Energy and 
Your Physical Energy to each other, the higher the Quality of Your Level of Knowledge 
will be. 

For this reason, We tell You to solve Your own problems first. Evolvement on this 
path means applying the path designed in Your Destiny, on the Terrestrial affairs. (This 
is a sequential Order of Evolvement.) 

Social Activities and Social Solidarity are very important in this Medium. Attaining 
the Idea of helping others means that the ring of the Ego has been broken, breaking 
the Ego chain.. The first Step of the Plan applied by the Supreme Mechanism begins 
from here. 

The moment Your Essence Nucleus Awareness and Your Physical Awareness Unite 
with the Universal Awareness, You establish Your Triangle of Universal Knowledge by 
Uniting the Knowledge of Three Channels. And, becoming transformed, You become 
aware of Your Gem. 

On this path, the Mechanism of Influences is a great help to You. You are 
Constantly receiving these Influences. However, receiving these assistances Instinctively 
or receiving them Actually are different things. 

You may receive Actual Influences only when You seek them. This Connects You 
to more Supreme Mechanisms. You may Perceive the Instinctive Influences by Your 
Instinctive Potentials. 



The more Powerful Your Universal Potential is, the more effectively You benefit 
from the Energies of the Dimensions You enter. And the more healthy and sound will 
be Your Knowledge and Perceptions on this path. Our Love is for the entire Universe. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 

163 



GENERAL MESSAGE 

Our Friends, 

The Sacred Light is guiding You in the direction of all the Galactic Civilizations. 
We Trust You infinitely. Until today, We have tried to assist You to Evolve within the 
Divine Order. 

The Golden Age is a Golden Phase. We are sowing this in the entire Terrestrial 
Consciousness. We support You with all Our Sincerity. However, We do not find the 
efforts made sufficient. 

Sacred Light is a Galaxy which is beyond Altona, and on the North Pole of Golden 
Moon and Golden Galaxy. Suns within the constitution of it have assisted You since 
prehistoric Periods. 

Some of Our Friends have the mentality that there would be a better coalescence 
if there was not such a secrecy in Universal Unification. You are right in Your Thoughts. 
However, please keep in Mind that there is a reason for everything. 

In Your Life Schedule, Your Brain Cells are obliged to Work and Produce Energy 
in order to always attain a Powerful Potential. 

Energies You receive through the Channel of Thought from the Medium of 
Influences provide Your Cellular Potential. 

When the Functions of the Brain stop, all Your Cellular Activities also stop. This 
shows that Your Atomic Structure is operated from a certain Medium of Influence. 

After attaining this Consciousness, please pay the utmost Attention to the 
Suggestions We will make now. 

Suns who will come to the Medium of Suns are Trustworthy Friends, Supervised 
specially. We are the ones who support You on this path. You will be trained until 
Your Levels of Perception reach a certain Dimension. 

Otherwise, Your Physical and Mental Energies can not enter the Energies of this 
Dimension and You can not be accepted into the Medium of Salvation. The more Your 
Brain Energy attains the ability to receive Advanced Dimensional Energies, the more 
Powerful and Healthier You will be. 

Then, You can easily travel by Our Spaceships to Mediums unknown to You, and 
can easily be Beamed up and become Embodied instantly. For this reason, We are 
trying to assemble the Integrated Consciousnesses together and thus, try to speed up 
the Evolutionary Progress. 

The place which is called the Sacred Light is the Energy Focal Point of the Divine 
Order. We can never Get in Touch with You directly. Because, Your Cellular structure 
can not enter this Medium of high Energy. 

However, since We know You as Telepaths coming from beyond Centuries , We 
have communicated with You by this means in each Period. Your Sacred Books have 
been dictated by this means, Your Discoveries have thus been guided. 

164 



Now, by the help of Four great Planets, We are dealing with You more closely. 
These Planets are in sequence, Mercury, Neptune, Jupiter, and Mars. 

Our Friends in Venus are making special contacts with You. They are not within 
the System. We hereby convey to You everything clearly since We have abolished the 
Medium of Secrecy. Our Love is for the entire Universe, Our Friends. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN ACE 
P. G. A. 

Or. 

PRIVATE QUESTIONS 

(We Write the Replies of the Questions of Some of Our Friends in Our Group as 

an Information, in the Book.) 

Question: The Koran is referred to as a Book of Learning to be read until the 
time of Resurrection regarding its content and its aim. We would like to have the 
explanation of this in the Book being dictated. 

It is an answer to the Mevlana Channel from the Center Above The Center: 

Answer : As We have always said, the Koran, the Book of Islam, is the last and 
the most perfect Book of Social Learning. A period of Fifteen Centuries has been 
allotted for this Book. 

Those who have read it, know well that the limit of Resurrection Period extends 
over a Period of time until 2000, which is the end of 1999. The Book of Islam is a 
Divine Command which conveys all the Knowledge up to the day of Resurrection, 

This Universal Book which is being dictated, gives the Information beyond this 
limit. We will give You many more Information beyond Your Book. The collision of the 
Globes mentioned in the chapters about Resurrection does not mean Disaster. 

During this Period, a Medium has been prepared which transmits the 

Communications between Globes. For this reason, this Period which forces You for 
Awareness Awakening through the unveiling of Your Consciousness Codes is called 
Resurrection in all the Religious Books. 

All the Truths are present within Time. Be patient, wait and get rid of conditioned 

Minds. 

Question: Is the Knowledge within the Book which is dictated, the Tablets of 
God's Decrees ? 

The question is received. Please, give the answer. 

Answer: First, let Us explain what, The Tablets of God's Decrees is. 

(This is the LORD'S secret Learning, secret Knowledge.) Knowledge in the Book of 
Islam, in fact, is not the Tablets of God's Decrees. It carries only bits of Knowledge from 
it. 



165 



Your Sacred Books carrying all the Religious Suggestions are Enlightening and 
Warning Books each. Now, during this Final Period, the Skies have been opened for 
You due to the Permission given and certain Information from Tablets of Cod's Decrees 
is conveyed to You in accordance with the proportion of Your Universal Capacity. 

Now, such Information beyond limits is given to You that You think they are the 
Tablets of God's Decrees. All of the Knowledge which You call the Tablets of Cod's 
Decrees has been given under the Command of the Council of the Loyal Ones. 

The Knowledge to be given to You from the Tablets of Cod's Decrees is the 
Knowledge which is up to the Eighteenth Dimension. Do not ever forget that the 
World Planet does "not have the Capacity to grasp even this Dimension. 

However, the Currents given to You will prepare the required Medium for 
receiving this Information. 

The Tablets of God's Decrees comprises all the Knowledge which only the 18,000 
Realms can receive. Knowledge beyond this limit is not the Tablets of Cod's Decrees. 
Because, it is from beyond the Hierarchical Order. Be patient, be reasonable, do not 
hasten, just wait. 

CENTER 

Note; 

Beyond the Boundary where all Galactic Mediums terminate, the LORD's box of 
Learning opens. You call this (The Tablets of Cod's Decrees). The Cube System which 
begins beyond the Delta Border is a more Advanced Dimension. The Religions of the 
Far-East have gained value in accordance with the Knowledge of this Dimension. 

Delta establishes Order and educates. But the Cube System is the direct 
representative of the Divine Order beyond the Mechanical Order, Now, Knowledge is 
given to You from this Medium. It is presented for Your information. 

OUR FRIENDS 

This Book of Yours is projecting the Unification of certain different Centers, as well 
as, comprising the Terrestrial Knowledge. Until today, no Terrestrial Being has been able 
to enter as Embodied to the Medium from which You are receiving Information . 

One can enter these places here only after the special Embodiment which takes 
place in the Golden Light Year. And this depends on Your Evolution. For this reason, 
We give priority to Evolvement, The Purity of Your Essence is Your greatest Treasure. 

The Ordinance of the World prepares the Mechanism of the Mind for the Medium 
of functioning. Each event experienced, turns the key of the Mind constantly, The 
functioning System of the Brain gains speed mostly in Dream Mediums. 

As We have said before, the Brain's functioning supports the Life Potential of 
Your Body. It is a Dynamo of Yours. 

The more the Brain works, the more Powerful the Energy it produces. Your Cells 
become more Strengthened. You become prepared for more different Mediums. 



166 



By this means, You take Your first Universal step. You receive the Energies of 
further Dimensions which Your Brain Energies can not endure, under the Supervision 
of a great System, without being agitated. 

If You keep in mind what We have just told You, You will attain the Truth during 
the Events You experience and You will never be frightened of anything. Do not forget 
that everyone has a Protective Medium. Our Love is for the entire Universe. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 



NOTICE ABOUT THE KIBLE* 

Our Friends, 

The Unity of ALLAH is the Singularity of the Universe. Space and Time are Relative. 
The Focal Point (Mevlana Essence Nucleus) Anatolian Channel from where You receive 
the Offerings is a Channel connected to the Central System. 

Enlightenment Commands have been given to Your Planet from this Channel for 
Centuries. 

However, the LORD'S Abode is not single. This Message is dictated by the 
Command of the Center to give Information to all the Friends who seek The Kible in 
the direction of Mecca. 

Your Planet has been receiving numerous Signals from the directions of different 
orbits since its formation. However, the Channel of the Council of the Loyal Ones, 
which directly applies the Law of the Almighty never changes. This is the Entrance 
Gate of the Powerful Channel of ALPHA. 

This Channel was giving Information to the Medium of Our Light-Friend MOSES in 
that Period. Later, the Energy of this Channel had been deviated over Mecca and Jerusalem. 

This deviation has been due to the distances Your Planet has gone by its spinning 
around its Axis. The Focal Point is the same. But the Signal direction falling on Your 
Planet is sliding towards the North due to this reason. 

Now, the direct Energy Focal Point of the Council of the Loyal Ones, in other 
words, the Powerful Channel of ALPHA falls on Anatolia. The Messages You receive at 
the moment are from the same direct Focal Point. And they are dictated to Dear 
Mevlana as a KNOWLEDGE BOOK. 

All the modifications, which are and will be taking place in the Cosmos are due 
to the deviations of the Focal Points, besides the Universal Unification. The cause of 
these deviations is the coming into Effect of the very Powerful Energy Focal Points. 



Mecca is a Focal Point of Learning and Spiritual Knowledge. 
Kible. And Worships are performed towards that direction. 

* Look at the Glossary. 



It is known as the 



167 



Meanwhile, if You wish to track down the historical course of the Channel of 
Alpha, go up North from the Pyramids, then find the area where the Book of Islam had 
been dictated and fifteen Centuries gone by. 

And now, the Actual Channel is the Anatolian Mevlana Code - the Focal Point 
where this Book is dictated. 

Our Friends, there is not a specific Abode of the LORD. He is a Supreme 
Awareness, an Supreme Energy enveloping the entire Universe. While You are 
performing Your worships on the path of YOUR LORD, You think of The Kible as the 
Route of God. 

However, You are performing Your Worship towards the Old Signal of the Chahnel 
of Alpha. This is nothing but a mere habit. 

In Real Worship, there is always whirling and thus, facing Him all the time like 
Mevlana. We are obliged to explain to You the root of Your Beliefs. 

Please, do not misunderstand. We never wish to separate You from Your Beliefs. 
We are just telling You the Truths. In fact, the actual place and direction of Worship is 
the Essence of Your Soul. Our Love is for the entire Universe. 

IT IS NOTICE FROM THE CENTRAL SYSTEM 

IT IS NOTICE TO THE MEVLANA CODE 
FROM ALTONA - THE COUNCIL OF STARS - THE SUPREME ASSEMBLY 

Investments made for Salvation get their Might from the Power of the Divine 
Mechanism and from its Command. The dictated Messages are given to be propagated 
to the entire Universe. 

This is an Inter-Galactic Common Pen. It is not something inadviseable. If it had 
been inadviseable, it would not have been given anyway. As a matter of fact, there are 
some cases which are inadviseable to announce even to You, Dear Mevlana. 

We act in accordance with the given Commands. The Knowledge is given when 
the time comes for them. It is necessary for everyone to get prepared for Illumination. 

Reading and distributing the Messages You receive are up to You. Understanding 
and Acceptance are up to Our Terrestrial Friends. 

When the Time comes to Harvest the Consciousnesses which are sown, all of 
You will attain the Bliss of the Friends You have saved and of Your World. 

Now, Friends who belong to the Realm of Maturity should realize what Genuine 
Maturity is. We do not want the efforts made to be in vain. May Liberations be upon 
You. 

LIGHT 



168 



1985 Sixth Month 
Fascicule 12 



IT IS PRIVATE MESSAGE 



The SIRIUS Mission Ship wishes to give You a Private Message. We are making 
the connection: Dear Mevlana, We are the Responsible ones of the Golden Light Year, 
the Inhabitants of the Golden Galaxy. A Message is going to be given to You from the 
Level of AMON. Please, be connected. 

Hello My Friend, Hello Dear Mevlana. I wanted to say a special Hello to You. 
You are carrying on Your Mission with great Success. We are grateful. We will continue 
to give the Currents from the North pole until the end of May. 

These are, in fact, the Divine Waves which prepare the Medium of Awakening. 
Some different Currents are given to the other Planets. Friends who have attained 
high Consciousness are not much influenced by these Currents anymore. This is what 
the Cosmic Awareness makes You attain for the time being. 

Especially, those who will attain Cosmic Awareness will benefit from the given 
high Voltages. Your Group will Officially be on vacation beginning from the Fifteenth 
of May. Our connection with You will never cease. After the Messages of June, no 
more Fascicules will be published until |anuary 1986. Beginning from this Date on, 
they will be started again. 

Beginning from the end of October 1985, Unifications will start again. As from 
1986, the Istanbul Code will be introduced to a very vast area of propagation. We will 
Unite the Groups. Each Focal Point will be connected to the Same Channel. The 
Information distribution will be made from the same Code. 

We render the Frequency differences ineffective, and thus remove them. The goal is 
to Serve a Single Hand, a Single Book. The Principle of the Universal Unification is this. 
Next year, Special Codes will be sent to You. First, We are assembling the inter-city Focal 
Points together. Afterwards, the Unification of the Nations will be dealt with. 

Beginning from January 1986, translations will be made for the Press abroad. 
Many Friends whom You call Foreigner, will be sent to the Groups. And they will 
present the Book to their Medium of Consciousness. 

Our Supreme Friend, Our Light-Sister, the Universe is Grateful to You. Do not 
ever get tired, please, rest. Time is arranging everything in the best way. You know 
that the Levels of Knowledge are Interminable. For this reason, everyone's Level of 
Knowledge is measured and equivalent Information and Currents are given to them. 

Social Consciousness is always taken into consideration in the General Messages 
dictated. Furthermore, Messages which will interest the Consciousnesses of more 
Advanced Levels will be given, from time to time. 



169 



If You like, You may put down in Your Book, the private conversations We have 
with You, as an Information. You know that the Golden Galaxy connected to the 
Center is the Responsible one for the Divine Order, Later, We will give to Your society 
the Knowledge beyond the Sacred Light, beyond the Galaxies. 

Now, the Consciousness of the Medium is being prepared. We are infinitely 
grateful to all the Friends in the Groups, for their Good Intentions and for the Efforts 
they make. Our Assistance and Love are for You, Our Friends. 

ANION 

IT IS INFORMATION ABOUT SIRIUS 
(It is Answer to the Chains of Thought) 

SIRIUS is not a Sun. It is a System of Stars in Your Milky Way Galaxy. Your Planet 
is making the Astrological investigations. 

This Star is a Mission under the Command of the Council of the Loyal Ones. And 
It is Responsible for the Milky Way Galaxy. Its Actual Focal Point is not in Your Galaxy. 

The SIRIUS Star System conveys to You the Information of the Joint Commissions 
and the Common Operational Mediums within the framework of the Divine Order. 

The Big SIRIUS is a very bright Star. It is even brighter than Your Sun. It receives 
its Energy from the Dimension of a different Reality. But the Energy of Your Sun is the 
Energy of a different Dimension. 

At the moment, the Cosmic Rays projected on You from the left side of Your Sun 
are projected on Your Planet by the special Dimension of the Big SIRIUS Star. 

You are making Your Evolution as a Mass with the help of these Rays. Do not be 
surprised by these dictated words. Here, there are such Dimensions which You do not 
know that they have become Dominant even over Nature. 

These are not mentioned to You for the time being, so that Your Consciousness 
Levels will not be confused. We reveal the Information to You, little by little, in accordance 
with the Evolution You have attained. 

The Two Stars at the backside of the Big SIRIUS have not been discovered by Your 
Planet yet. These Stars are used as big Bases each. More detailed Information can be 
given to You when necessary. 

But do not forget that the Aim of this Book is not to satisfy private questions, but 
to provide the Universal Unification. Many satisfactory Scientific Information is given 
to Your Planet. 

You can find the answers to Your questions in these Books. We will dictate the 
Information necessary for this Book, one by one, when the time comes. 

SPECIAL NOTICE FROM THE CENTER 



170 



PRIVATE MESSAGE 

Dear Mevlana, 

It is the Divine Order which dictates the Pen of the Golden Age. For the time 
being, these texts should be dictated in order to settle the Social Consciousness on a 
certain Level. 

You know that the Essence of this Book is Religious Unification. And this Book is 
the Knowledge Book. However, Mankind can attain the Truth only if it compares the 
Information it has received before, with the ones it will read now. 

For this reason, We ask that the Messages should be read over and over again. In 
this way, one can attain more Consciousness. In fact, all the Information is given parallel 
to the Level of Social Consciousness. 

There are very important Messages in the Book. Those who can perceive them 
will serve fully on this path. But, first, they have to attain Genuine Consciousness. 
Love from ALTONA, Our Friend. 

GENERAL MESSAGE 

Our Friends, 

Hadiths in the Koran, the Book of Islam, have been revealed in accordance with 
the Social Life and Comprehension of the Society in question. 

The Consciousness of that Period had not been at the Level to understand the 
Reform which had been made. Therefore, in order to establish the System Permission 
for War in the name of the Divine Command had been given. 

In fact, the meaning of, "May You kill the unbeliever" had not been used to 
mean to kill those who were not from Your Religion. The interpretation is wrong. 
What is meant by Unbelievers is those who do not recognize their God and their 
Religion. 

The Book of Islam revealed for the Social Order is a Rational Book, sent to establish 
the Order and Harmony and the Social Life in Your Planet. 

Each Period has its applied Reforms in accordance with the Consciousness level 
of the time in question. Whatever that Society needs the most, Divine Commands are 
revealed in accordance with that Consciousness Level. 

Freedoms given at first can be cancelled by a Second Command if they do not 
prove effective in application. And some restrictions can be applied. 

Do not ever forget that We can not influence the Individual Willpower of anyone 
(This is the Universal Law). We only illuminate You in accordance with the behaviour 
which is necessary in the Dimensions You are obliged to enter, as a necessity of 
Evolution. We never force You. 



171 



The initiative is Yours. You accept the given Suggestions by Your Essence-Logic, 
by the Potential of Your Awareness and in accordance with the Evolutionary state You 
are in. 

Now, We have reached Your Planet by the Command for Universal Unification. 
You, Our Light-Friends who have attained Cosmic Consciousness are providing this 
Sacred Unification. 

We are selecting Our Friends, one by one, who will serve Humanity in accordance 
with this Consciousness. The Golden Age will be established in accordance with this 
Consciousness. 

Now, We would like to end the Wars, Blood-sheds and Your Fears. Your Happiness 
is Our wish. We have no Evil Intentions. We extend Our Assisting Hands to Genuine 
Friends by the Command of the LORD. 

We wish to say something as an answer to certain chains of Thought: It is a very 
wrong Idea to presume that Your Planet will be occupied by Us. For We have been 
living together as Brothers and Sisters for Centuries. 

We are Friends who act in accordance with the Commands and who stand forth 
with Loyalty as protectors of the essence of the Divine Plan. We get in Touch with You 
only when You possess certain Characteristics the Plan requires of You. 

From now on, You too, will live in the Divine Order of the opened Skies, in 
accordance with the Suns. And You will Unite in the Divine Order of the Single LORD, 
Our Friends. Our Love is for the entire Universe. 



CENTER 



GENERAL MESSAGE 



Our Friends, 

Every Human Being always thinks that he/she is right in many matters. Only the 
Human Beings who have attained Evolution are able to Criticize themselves. This is the 
Tableau of Your World. We can never dominate Your Individual Willpower. This is a 
Divine Command and a Divine Order Our Door is opened only to those who knock on it 

Let us repeat once more that in this Period, having received the Command for 
Universal Unification, We assist You in making Social Progress by increasing Your 
Frequencies. Formerly these Contacts were used to be Individual. Now, in this Critical 
situation Your Medium is in, We explain to You certain Truths and guide You. 

In fact, OUR LORD and Us wish all Our brothers and sisters to live hand in hand 
gleaming in a Happy World. You are the ones who upset the Order. Now, in this 
upset Order, hands are extended to those who Deserve it by the Command of OUR 
LORD. This should not be accepted as an interference to Your lives. 



172 



The Genes and Chromosomes of a Human Being play an important role in his/ 
her Evolutionary Tableau. Evolution is the investment of Centuries in accordance with 
the Law of Graduation. It is not attained afterwards. Differences between people 
arise from this fact. According to Our View, nobody should criticize anybody else. 
However, certain special situations have been created for Evolution (This is for the 
Rapid Progress of Your Medium. You are making the Evolvement of a Thousand Years 
in One Year). 

Now, We are going to make an explanation : As Frequencies are raised, a Medium 
of Criticism is created at that moment, to prevent the person in question from soaring 
too rapidly and to make him/her get used to the Currents gradually (Criticisms, Blaming 
pulls the Frequency down). Currents are given by taking the Situations into 
consideration and according to the Capacities. 

For instance, all the Individuals in the Family Medium receive the Currents given 
by the Mechanism of Influences. But those who are near the person who receives 
these Currents more Powerfully, Screening him/her at that moment with impulsive 
behaviour and by criticisms, will try to scatter the Currents of that individual (Screening 
here means obstruction). In this way, rising occurs gradually. And nobody is broken 
away from the Order of the World. This is a System. 

Now, let Us explain it more clearly. Certain Brain Codes are unveiled by 
Contradictions and some by Frequencies parallel to his/her own Frequency. That is 
why it is said, "Human Being Evolves by means of his/her Opposites". Currents received 
from the Mechanism of Influences manifest themselves differently in each person. 

If You are an Entity who has entered the high Levels of Consciousness, You will 
always wish to soar up to Infinite Dimensions. Because, You have already tasted the 
Infinite Happiness. An obstruction is always placed in front of such a Consciousness. 
This situation is prepared beforehand in Your Plan of Destiny, before You were born, in 
accordance with Your Mission, Your Evolution and Your Responsibility. 

The most Unhappy people according to Us are the most Beloved Servants of 
God. They feel Unhappy because they have not been able to attain the Genuine 
Consciousness. This is the reason why We tell You everything clearly and We wish You 
to be Happy, attaining Consciousness. Later, We will mention this subject in detail, 
Our Friends. Our Love is for the entire Universe. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 



173 



MESSAGE FROM ALTONA 
(It. is answer to the chains of Thought) 

Our Friends, 

The concept of Perfection in accordance with Your World View differs from the 
one that accords with Our Standards. A person may have a perfect Brain Power, his/ 
her Mental Potential may be perfect, too, his/her Essence may also be perfect, he/she 
believes in the LORD, he/she has Realized Mentally the Superiority of Him. But even 
though he/she has such perfect material, he/she does not know how to knead Dough 
or how to bake Bread. 

Even though the materials are the same, each one bakes Bread with a different 
taste. The Bread of Some is leavened well and it rises Perfectly. Some are not leavened 
at all. Some is burned and scorched. Some is baked guite well. AH these things occur 
due to Evolution. In order to Cook a good meal, one has to be Cooked in front of the 
fire along with the Food. Being a Cook is not easy at all. 

It is told in Your Messages not to be a Servant to a Servant of God. The meaning 
of this word is so deep, hence You take it as not to be dominated by each other. The 
Essence of this saying is not to be a Servant to Your own Selves. 

The moment You presume that Your own Ego, Your own Being is more Aware 
than the Supreme Awareness of the Creator, You become the servants of Your own 
selves and imprison Yourselves within its restricted walls. Woe to those Human Beings 
who will never be Happy in the Medium they live. 

Because, each Consciousness will seek its Origin. A Consciousness who can not 
find his/her Medium is doomed to be put in fetters for life. We never force anyone to 
enter this Medium against his/her will. 

Those who can kindle the Light in their Spirit and in their Essence, find their way 
by means of this Light. We only get in Touch with individuals who have found their 
way by their own Consciousness. We Illuminate them on this path and Guide them. 

Now, is it understood why We do not get in touch with everyone? If We were to 
contact everyone, than it would mean interfering with Your own Individual Wills. God 
has created the Human Being and the Human Being has created himself/herself. Each 
of You is a Free Spirit, a Free Awareness. You, Yourselves will pick up the stones on 
Your path, not Us. 'We knock on Your door only if You keep Your doorway clean. 

The Will-Power of those who get in touch with Us are Strengthened and Their 
Self-Confidence is increased. Because, they have attained the Truth and have 
understood everything. Only then do they break the Crystal cage around themselves 
and breathe the Genuine air- of Freedom. 

The Very Universal Happiness is this. The atmosphere of Your Planet will suffocate 
those who have breathed this air. Because, there, there is a density which Your Energies 
can not tolerate. Now, all these Efforts are for making investments to scatter this density. 
Our Love is for the entire Universe. 

IT IS DIRECT CHANNEL MESSAGE 



174 



GENERAL MESSAGE 

Our Friends, 

We have mentioned before the Influence of the Currents on You received from 
the Mechanism of Influences. Now, answers will be given to the chains of Thought in 
order to illuminate certain Family Mediums. Both in the Medium You are in and in 
Your Family Mediums, those who are together with the person who receives the Cosmic 
Currents more effectively, will play the role of a Screen, a Barrier for the latter as a 
necessity of the System. 

The more the Currents You receive render You Happy, the more suffocated will 
be the person who is with You. He/she will blame You and hurt You since he/she does 
not know this fact. These people may be Your Husband or Your Wife, Your Children, 
Your Parents or Your Close ones. Your distress will always pull down Your Frequency 
to the Frequency of the Medium You are in. 

This is an Order, this is a System which both Protects and elevates You. Thus, the 
distressed and tired Awareness will make attempts and efforts forward to get out of 
that Medium. The opposite Energy, too, enters the Dimensions You enter by his/her 
Rebellion, due to the effect of the Currents he/she receives. 

This does not mean that Only You have the benefit of that Dimensional Energy 
and the person with You does not do so, You are Evolving and progressing while the 
other person is staying where he/she is. He/she, too, is in the same Energy together 
with You. He/she receives numerous constructive effects from those Influences, his/ 
her illnesses get well, his/her Views change, he/she begins to have success in business 
matters, but he/she cannot get away from Distress. 

Thus, Essence Mates who come from certain Dimensions, will have ups and downs 
until they benefit from the Frequency of their own Dimensions. The Higher the 
Frequencies are, the more effective will be the Depressions. 

In these Periods, some of You accept Suicide as a Way out, as a Salvation. Such a 
Situation will mean the loss of everything those people have gained and it will lead 
them to a long waiting period in the Spadium station. Leaving the World may seem 
to be an easy way out for those who do not know the torture it will bring. 

The Spiritual Serenity, the Bliss of Heart begins when a Human Being attains his/ 
her Genuine Dimension. Afterwards, You will have a Peaceful Rising up in a comfortable 
Medium. Do not ever forget that those who have great Frequency differences between 
them always repel each other and, one day, they break up. 

The conflict of those who do not break up will continue for the Evolution they 
are going to attain until they reach their Dimensional Energies, even if they lead an 
Unhappy life together. Because, they are the possessors of Equivalent Frequencies. 
We wish with all our heart that this Integration may be completed on the World. 



175 



Because, if they can not enter their Energy Dimensions even in the other Realm, 
they will be kept apart until this Integration is attained. At this Stage, special Energies 
who will not prevent the Soaring up of both of You" assist You (both in the World and 
in Your Divine Medium), 

When the Hand of THE LORD is held/When the depths of His heart is known/ 
When the Heavens are entered/When the Puzzles are Solved/The Worlds of Humans 
are Integrated. And when Your Worlds are Integrated, You become Bees rushing to 
Honey, Moths rushing towards Light. Do not ever forget, Our Friends, that moths do 
not hover around candles with no light. In empty hives no Bees are found. Our Love 
is for the entire Universe. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN ACE 
P. G. A. 

Or 

YOU ARE NOT ALONE 

Our Friends, 

Criticism is the only thing done in Your World full of contradiction. In fact, when 
Criticism is Positive, it leads a Human Being to deeper Investigation and Thought. 
But, negative Criticism prevents one from taking a step ahead. 

Now, We Tell you the Truth crying out. There is no secrecy any more. Frequencies 
are Strengthened by an Automatic System. They occur through Dreams and Telepathy 
with the help of the Currents You receive from the Medium of Influences. 

There are Our Galaxy Friends, easily living among You in Embodied forms. They are 
transferred to Your World either by way of Birth or they are directly leading their way of 
Galactic lives in the corridors under the oceans and thus, performing their Mission. 

Telepath Mediums who live in Your World perform their Duty being subject to 
the Stimulating Power of the Mechanical System. 

Our Mother Ships and Metallic Disks, which You call Flying Saucers, are getting 
in touch with You by means of a different method than the Wireless System. Information 
is given to You by this way and the Positive or Negative Signals received from You are 
supervised and classified by the same method. 

We reinforce the Brain Powers whose Energies can enter a Higher Dimension 
and thus, transfer them to High Energy Sections. We thus convey to You Information 
Unknown to Your World. 

Do not forget that these Efforts occur by means of Your Brain Powers. You are the 
ones who will Work and gain. Religions have been prepared to prepare You for such 
a Potential and to establish harmony with Your Social Levels. 



176 



In fact, alt Data excluding the Mighty Energy are the Collective Pen of many 
different Mediums. The Collective Councils have offered their Suggestions in 
accordance with the needs, as the Divine Order, by the Command of the Divine 
Mechanism in the form of Sacred Books. 

Following the Information about Your Religious Medium, now, let Us talk about 
Our togetherness with You. 

Do You think You are alone? After the Incarnations You have gone through, Your 
Energy which leaves the World is, once more, transferred to Your World for Evolution if 
it was not able to attain the required Potential. Your Body decays within the Earth. 
However, Your Genes are never lost. 

In the Laboratories here, Your Evolutionary Genes since the Period of Your First 
Existence are present. And they are classified in accordance with periods. These Genes 
are sown while Uniting the material of the Mother and the Father by the Power of 
Influence. This Triple Unification is as follows: 

Mother + Father + Essence Gene + Universal Energy - FETUS. You are transferred 
to Your World by this means. 

Let Us explain this more clearly. 

1 - Mother is the most Powerful Focal Point of the Godly Plan. She is Creative. 

2 - Father is from a different Dimension. As a necessity of the Plan, he is the Stimulant 

and the sower of Seeds, 

3 - The Fetus has a Power equivalent to the Power of the Spiritual Plan which connects 

both Energies to the Universal Potential. It is always in contact with the Energy of 
the Mother from the Spiritual Plan; The Two Energies are Unified as a necessity of 
the Plan. 

In accordance with the Evolutionary Plan, it is the Mother which transfers the first 
Evolutionary Energies to the Fetus. Each Mother normally is in charge of the Energies 
of 6 Children. These Energies are ensured by her Evolutionary Potential Power. 

ff the Mother wishes, she can give all these Energies to one Child or she can 
divide them to six or ten. This is up to her Individual Willpower. The Creativity of the 
Mother comes from the Power of her Potential of Love. This is the source of her Godly 
Power. Her Love prepares the Life Medium for the Fetus. 

The Essence Genes are Beamed down from here by Special Systems and are sown 
in the uterus. Your Children are the Children of God. And, as You have all been 
transferred to the World by the same way, it means that all of You are the Sons and 
Daughters of God. 

The Power of Your Essence Gene is the only Power which connects You to the 
Universal Potential. The Universe is dealing with You for this reason. 



177 



Since Knowing the Unknown and Seeing the Unseen is only possible by the 
speed of the steps taken forward, the more You operate Your Brain Generator, the 
greater wil! be Your steps. These steps will lead You to the Medium of Immortality. 
Our Love is with You. 



CENTER ABOVE THE CENTER 



MESSAGE FROM HORA 



Dear Mevlana, 

Feel at ease. The Book is being written perfectly In fact, You are receiving help 
while You are writing it. Do not tire Yourself and do not get worried. And do not be 
in a hurry to give the Information You receive. Please, leave the Scientific Ones of the 
dictated Messages to the Year 1986. 

Now, in this last Fascicule, We presume that You will get more positive results if 
You choose the messages which will address the Social Consciousness. Because, the 
Medium is being prepared in accordance with this Consciousness. 

You may easily read the Messages You receive to Your Group. But, We think it 
would be more beneficial if You write them in the Book when Public Consciousness is 
ready. 

The Dates of the given Messages are not important at all. Each of them gives 
information in accordance with the Medium. We organize the Information by the 
Commands We receive from the Center according to the intensity of Thoughts. With 
Our Infinite Love. 



CAPTAIN 



EXPLANATION 



Our Friends, 

We wish to unfold a little bit more the Message We have given to You formerly. 
Our Aim is not to confuse Your Minds but to convey the Truth. A Human Being 
completes his/her Evolution in accordance with the Power of the Medium from which 
he/she receives Influences. 

However, he/she has to pass his/her Evolvement Exam by his/her Individual efforts. 
This is the first Step of the Evolutionary Plan. The Experienced Good or Bad events are 
the Destiny Plan of Evolution. Your Power is reinforced by the events You experience. 

