2 Alphas and 2 Time Segments are a Whole (It Symbolizes the Giirz). 

(3 = Beta is the Universal Projection Focal Point of the Physical Realm 

2R2 - 2 Seeds =?R +JR = 2R2 (Double Lord) 

The first Seed is the SOUL seed. The second Seed is the ENERGY Seed. However, 
they are one inside the other as a Total. Their Functions and operational Ordinances 
are different. In fact, it is not R 2 , but R 3 . 

A Seed is constituted by Three Components. One of them is Invisible Energy 
which We call Anti-Matter. This Anti-Matter is Mental and Imaginary Energy. In fact, 
the Vibration of Thought has nothing to do with the Energy You know. We use the 
closest word You know in order to be able to explain it to You. 

The Human Being is a Godly Generator, a very great Potential. If Your Thought 
Potentials did not exist, neither You, nor the Cosmoses, nor Life would exist (God has 
Created the Human Being, the Human Being has Created Himself/Herself). This means 
that which Creates everything is Thought. This is creating Universes by Thoughts. 

Two Time Segments are the Positive and the Negative Infinite Universes. They 
are the Energy storehouses of the Entire Universal Ordinance. They Project parallel to 
the, Law of Equilibrium until Times beyond Time, Infinity beyond Infinity. 

Energies received from the Reflection Focal Points of the Universal Ordinances 
are divided into two by Automatic Signalizations and are loaded as Positive Energy 
Powers into the Positive Universe, and Negative Energy Powers into the Negative 
Universe used as Energy Storehouses. Both Universes carry equivalent Potentials in 
accordance with the Law of Equilibrium. 

Since Positive and Negative Energy Universes operate parallel to the Law of 
Equilibrium, they send the surplus Energies released to the Infinite Dimensions. By 
this means, Energy Dimensions of other Systems, too, are reinforced operating in the 
same Order. 



556 



By the face to face Unification of the two Alpha signs, the Sign of Infinity is formed. 
That is, as follows: CO. In fact, this is a symbolic sign. Its origin and its operational 

manner is the operational style of the Spiral Vibrations. Its explanation is as follows. 
Draw, please: 

1. One branch of the Alpha 
Dimension receiving Energy from 
the Negative Universe carries -2 
Power, the other one, -1 Power. 

2. One branch of the Alpha 
Dimension receiving Energy from 
the Positive Universe carries +2 
Power, the other one, +1 Power. 




I 



If We equalize the Energies in accordance with the style of spiral conveyance and 
with the Law of Equilibrium: 

-2 of the Negative branch is balanced by +1 of the Positive branch and -1 is released. 

+2 of the Positive branch is balanced by -1 of the Negative branch and -t-1 is released. 

These released Energies are accumulated in the Essence Power Focal Point of the 
Alpha Dimension and project from there. In accordance with the operation above, 
the Negative Energy is released from the Focal Point of Positive Alpha and projects in 
inverse proportion. 

This means that Positive Alpha reinforces the Negative Universe, Negative Alpha 
reinforces the positive Universe. The functioning style of the spiral Vibrations is this. 

The Ordinance of equilibrium, the Universal Totality are provided thus. Chains 
are added to the chain of Cosmoses by this means. These Alpha Dimensions have 
nothing to do with the Channel of Alpha. Do not confuse them with each other. One 
of them is Universal Dimensions, the other is a channel. 



REALITY 



SPIRAL VIBRATIONS 



Our Friends, 

Spiral Vibrations are known as Energy chains reinforcing the Power of all 
Cosmoses. These Energy chains reflect on each other, one inside the other, in the 

Wholeness of a skein. 

The figure We made You draw in the former Fascicule has been schematized in 
the form of an (open chain) for You to understand better. 

Spiral Vibrations are Energy rings reinforced by Ordinances beyond time. It is 
the Essence-Power of the Mighty Energy Focal Point and is the Energy Total of the 
Existential Dimension, All Living Entities come into Existence from this Energy Total. 



557 



Spiral Vibrations are an Energy net preventing all the Energies from slipping into 
the Infinite and getting lost of and holding them together. And it is an Energy Skein. 

Spiral Vibrations are also the symbolic figures of millions of GURZes floating in 
the Thought Ocean of the PRE-EMINENT SPIRIT and also of the MINI ATOMIC WHOLES 
present in those Gurzes. 

The OO sign derived by the face to face Unification of two Alphas is a segment 
of Spiral Vibrations. Now, let Us analyse the operational Ordinance of this single 
segment for You to understand better. Please, draw a big infinity sign: 



Ordinance beyond 
- Tim e 




Ordinance beyond 
+ Time 



On one side of the diagram We made You draw, write Ordinance beyond - Time, 
on the other side, write Ordinance beyond + Time. Divide the infinity sign into two 
from the middle, both horizontally and vertically. On the top empty spaces write (-1) 
and (+1), on the bottom empty spaces write (-2) and (+2). 

Now, apply a cross evaluation to both sides in accordance with the Law of 
Equilibrium. That is, subtract (+1) from (-2). (-1) remains. Apply the same operation 
to the other one also. That is, subtract (-1 ) from (+2). (+1 ) remains. 

Since in this operation both sides will be balanced in accordance with the Law 
of Equilibrium, the (-1) and the (+1) released become the reinforcement Energies of 
the Positive and the Negative Infinite Universes. 

Mental and Thought Potentials of all living Entities present in each Existential 
Dimension reinforce the Energy of a Total in conformity with the System of Circulation 
by this means. 

In the diagram, the point where the vertical and the horizontal lines intersect is 
the Existential Dimension. In the Existential Dimension, the vertical section symbolizes 
the Vertical Evolution (Universal Totality). 

And the horizontal section symbolizes the Horizontal Evolution (Religious 
Totality). Swastika, that is, the Cross, is the figurative symbol of this Total. It is presented 
for Your Information. 

CENTER 



558 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

All Creatures ALLAH has created complete their cycles in conformity with a System. 
BERZAH* is a Passageway. It is an Assembling together, an Awakening. 

This expression is used for a phenomenon manifesting itself by each Individual's 
attaining his/her own self, his/her being merged in the Heavens and by his/her 
correspondence beyond that. 

The word SIRAT is used for this Function, It means that a person who has attained 
the Awareness of the entire Ordinance has passed the BERZAH, has attained 
REALIZATION. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



COLORS AND IN-BETWEEN DIMENSION TONES 
(It is Answer to Thoughts) 

Our Friends, 

As a result of the Unification of all the colors together with the tonal differences 
of In-Between Dimensions in an Integrated Whole, the color BLACK is formed. This is 
a color formed by the Unification of 49 colors. 

There are 7 different In-Between tones of all the colors We will dictate to you, 
now. In the Information given to Your Planet, the Evolution and the Energy Dimensions 
have been divided into color scales for You to understand them better. 

Since Your Planet is in ZERO World Frequency, We accept it as the DIMENSION 
OF FOG. This misty Dimension is Your Evolution threshold. Beginning from here, after 
the 7 Evolution Thresholds, the GREEN DIMENSION You call the DIMENSION OF 
HEAVEN begins. 

This place is the Fourth Dimension. And this Fourth Dimension has Four Ranks. 
The first Rank is the Dimension of Fulfillment and Serenity. Its color is GRASS GREEN. 
Towards the Second, Third and Fourth Dimensions the color becomes darker. The 
Fourth Rank is SEPULCHER GREEN. 

After this Rank, there is an IN-BETWEEN STATION. Its color is BROWN. It carries the 
Frequency of Unification of the Four main colors (white, green, yellow, red). It is the place 
of those who have attained Terrestrial Religious Fulfillment, of Saints and Dervishes. 

After the Brown Dimension, there is an IN-BETWEEN SECTION having a very cleat 
and bright BLUE color. We call this place the (BLUE COUNTRY). Actually, the very 
COVENANTS are signed in this Blue Country. Promises are made here. Everyone chooses 
his/her path after this Dimension. 

Afterwards, the Fifth Dimension begins. Here, Terrestrial Biological Bodies come 
to an end. Two TRANQUIL TIMES here are called the (Two Terrestrial Times). It is the 
TRANSPARENT DIMENSION. 



* Look at the Glossary. 



559 



The color of the FIVE SUPREME TIMES coming afterwards is GRAY. Here, the 

Frequency of the Black-White color blend habituating You to the Universal Dimensional 
Energies and thus, helps You to be born into the Dimension of Immortality. 

THE DIMENSION OF IMMORTALITY IS THE SIXTH DIMENSION. The COLOR OF 
this Dimension is ORANGE. It is also called the Dimension of Ascension, the Dimension 
of SUN. This is a GOLDEN Dimension. The CENTRAL SOLAR UNION helps You from 
this Dimension. 



Afterwards comes the Evolution of the three Planets before the Asteroid Zone 
and this place is the GAMMA Dimension and the Fourteenth Solar System. The 
Evolution of this Solar System is equivalent to the Evolution of three Planets. This is 
called the RED DIMENSION. 






Afterwards, begins the Dimension of 7 colors. And afterwards comes the WHITE 
DIMENSION called the (WHITE COUNTRY). We call here the (Dimension of, "God, I 
am"). Here, You are prepared for the Dimension of Infinite Awareness. 

Afterwards, You are subjected to the Evolution of the FIVE PLANETS beyond the 
Asteroid Zone. The White Color blends with the Purple beyond the Asteroid Zone 
and creates the entire tones of VIOLET from light to dark. 

The darkest color of Violet is in SATURN. This place is the Seventh Dimension. 
And it is the Final Manifestation Boundary of Humanity. Here, an Evolution equivalent 
to the entire Evolution of the FIFTEENTH SOLAR SYSTEM is rendered. Afterwards, You 
merge into Your Spiritual Energies and Become a Whole. 

Only after this level can You get in touch with the Unknowns. Here, You receive 
the Information of ultra-VIOLET. And this opens for You the Gates of the Infinite 
Awareness. This place is the (LEVEL OF PERFECTION and, at the same time, the 
Dimension of EXIST-IN -UNITY). 

The Gate of Infinite Awareness Dimension is PURPLE. After this Dimension, the 
ultra-Violet Colors unknown to Your Planet begin. From the formation of these colors 
begin the LAYERS OF INFINITE AWARENESS. 

They are Three LAYERS. And their color is BLACK. In the first BLACK Layer, the 
Unification of 49 colors give the BLACK Color. In the second Black Layer, the in-between 
tones, too, become effective (a darker BLACK is formed). The third BLACK Layer carries 
the Power of the Unification of all three 49 colors and this Energy Totality forms the 
entire Energy concentration of the GURZ System. 

We call this intense BLACK color the Color (TUNAMI). And this TUNAMI Color is 
a Color and an Energy intensity comprising the Energy of the entire GURZ System. It is 
presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 






560 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 
(Why Do We dictate the Knowledge Book to Dear Mevlana?) 

Our Friends, 

Kible* of Mevlana is towards the Hearts. Her Love is within the Hearts. Her Kaaba 
is the Cosmoses. Her Essence is within the Cosmoses. Her View is LOVE - AFFECTION - 
UNIFICATION - TOTALITY - JUSTICE - RESPONSIBILITY. 

The First Condition of Unification is to get rid of the rust of Thought and of the 
Heart. It is to attain Allegiance Consciousness. Now, Dear Mevlana is the one who 
has opened wings towards the infinite horizons. 

Your Planet is not for landing on, it is for Flying. For this reason the Knowledge 
Book is dictated to Her. She does not engraft Universal Consciousness, she carries 
Universal Consciousness. She is an Energy who had come into Existence from the 
Essence-Focal Point. 

She does not need Science and Learning. Everything is inherent in Her. These 
written words are not praises but the Truth. This is the very reason why We have cooperated 
with Her (this Message will be written exactly as it is, without altering anything). 

REALITY 

MEVLANA AND US 
(Clear Information) 

Investments made into the Golden Age have now begun to give sprouts in Your 
entire Planet. However, this Message is dictated directly through the channel of the 
Council with the purpose of enlightening the negative Thoughts causing certain 
negativities (this Message will be written in the Book exactly as it is). 

OUR FRIENDS 

We first would like to indicate that the person directly in charge of the Mevlana 
Essence Nucleus Group is Dear Mevlana. However now, We would like to talk to You 
Sbout certain Truths. 

Dear Mevlana has returned to Your Planet in this Transition Period in order to be 
able to help her Terrestrial brothers and sisters as a result of an Agreement she had 
made with Us Centuries ago. 

At the moment, she is (the only Missionary having a Covenant with a Stipulation). 
The Stipulation She had made with Us was the Salvation of Your Entire World. Now, 
We, in conformity with this Stipulation, help Her Terrestrial brothers and sisters by 
projecting on Your Planet the cooperation We had made with her through the Channel 
of the KNOWLEDGE BOOK. 



* Look atthe Glossary, 



561 



While the Advanced Lights of the Integrated Consciousnesses are kindled one 
by one, We have taken the entire Planet Earth into Salvation parallel to the promise 
We had made to Dear Mevlana, 



We, as the Representatives of the Directing Staff of the Reality of the Unified 
Humanity Cosmos Federal Union, at the moment are in effect as Assistant Powers in 
the Direct Program of Progress of Your entire Planet. 

We are the Savior Staffs directly serving together with the Galaxy Unions, Solar 
Unions and Universal Totalities of Unification. We are effectively in service by conveying 
to You the Truths directly by the Command of the SUPREME MECHANISM, that is, of 
the PLAN. 

In Your Planet subjected to the Program of PURIFICATION and PROGRESS until 
today, now, the time has come for disclosing gradually Information parallel to the 
time of knowing the Truth in accordance with Your Public Consciousness. 

Because, this Book being dictated to Your Planet which has created a Staff of 
Conditioned Consciousnesses will be an Information Guide for You by forming a 
Unification Medium of Eight Centuries. 

Only then will the desired Genuine GOLDEN AGE be established and Scientific 
Books of the duration of one Century each will shed Light on You from then on. It is 
presented for Your Information. 

COUNCIL 



562 



1989 Fifth Month 
Fascicule 35 



GENERAL MESSAGE 



Our Friends, 

On the path of Humanity, there are many duties befalling on Friends who have 
attained the Consciousness that there is a reason for disclosing the Truths during this 
Final Age. 

The Religious Dimension is the First Step of the Knowledge of the Divine Plan, 
And each step elevates You up to numerous Information Sources parallel to the Universal 
Consciousness. In these Dimensions, that is, in the divisions of the Divine Plan, there 
are numerous Information and Enlightenments to be given to You. 

You receive the Information from the opened Skies, that is, (from the Cosmic 
Currents) and You receive the Enlightenments from operational Ordinances the Plan 
considers necessary. 

You are Supreme Consciousnesses appointed to the Dimension of Mission on 
this path by the SUPREME MECHANISM. Now, each of You should act by his/her 
Intellect, Logic, Awareness and Conscience. 

From now on. You should receive the Commands not from others, but from the 
Voice of Your Essence without being under any influence, as Entities possessing the 
Consciousness of what to do. 



In this Mediamic Period, everybodies' channels are open. And You are effectively 
in service as the Advanced Consciousnesses of the Divine Focal Point. On this path, 
there is a Mission due for each Focal Point in Your Planet and there are steps to be 
taken forward towards the Universal Consciousness. 



Now, each of You is an Enlightening Book by his/her own self. In fact, You were 
present during each Time, in each Place, in each Period. (In the Dimensions of MOSES, 
JESUS CHRIST, MOHAMMED and the FAR-EAST) You were on Duty Consciously or 
Unconsciously. 

Now, You are again on Duty on the Dimension of Veiled Consciousness. However, 
at the moment, You know and recognize only the Medium You are in, in Your Planet. 

Until today, Sacred Books have helped You in Your Consciousness Progress. Now, 
the History of Religions has been terminated and the Period of Intellect, Logic, 
Conscience has been opened. From now on, each Advanced View will prepare You 
for more Advanced horizons. 



All the operations rendered at the moment are investments made towards 
rendering each person a Genuine Human Being and his/her annihilating Fanaticism 
and Conservatism. Even Friends who have served on the Path of Cod until today can 
not grasp the Knowledge the Advanced Consciousnesses can grasp at the moment. 

563 



i i 



For this reason Humanity will understand the value of these Supreme Information 
given at the moment in future years. And the subject will be grasped in more detail. 
This Message has been given as a Notice of the Council to all Missionary Friends in 
Your Planet. It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



LIGHT-UNIVERSE - MAIN EXISTENTIAL DIMENSION 



Our Friends, 

The entire Power of the 7 Light- Universes is collected in a Whole and this Whole 
is called The Great Light-Universe. The Supervision of the GURZ System is connected 
to here. And it is called The Dimension of the ALL-MERCIFUL. Its operational Ordioance 
is the Flower System. 

The entire Power of this Great Light-Universe is projected on the Great Light- 
Pyramid by the 6 Light-Pyramids. And this Light-Pyramid projects the entire Power it 
receives, exactly as it is, onto the MAIN EXISTENTIAL Focal Point of the GURZ System. 

That is, the entire Potential of the Main Existential Focal Point is an Energy 
equivalent to the Power Potential of the Great Light-Universe, that is, to the 7 Light- 
Universes, and this is called THE ENERGY DIMENSION OF THE ALMIGHTY. Let us clarify 
it more: 

The SOURCE of the ESSENCE MAIN POWER of the Great Light-Universe assembling 
the condensed Energy of the 7 Light-Universes is connected to the ESSENCE POWER 
Potential of the 6 Light-Pyramids. They are called The Sister Light-Pyramids. 

The entire Power of these Pyramids is converged in the Great Light-Pyramid and 
thus, creates the Direct Projecting Center. This place is a Reflecting Focal Point. And 
the entire Power of the 7 Light-Universes, that is, the Great Light-Universe is projected 
from there Directly on the Main Existential Focal Point and the very Mighty Energy 
Focal Point is this. 

Now, We will explain to You the Main Existential Dimension in detail: 

Energies emanating from the Infinite Positive and the Infinite Negative Universes 
are taken under supervision by Spiral Waves. One wing of these Waves supervise the 
Positive Energies, the other, the Negative ones. These Energies are intermingled within 
the internal structure of each of the Spiral Rings. That is, they are altogether. 

These Spiral Vibrations hold the Energies together and thus, provide the Totality 
of the Atomic Whole. Now, let Us explain this with an example: 

Imagine the form of a bow tie. When making a bow tie, it is tied by the central 
knot passing one inside the other. 

If We imagine this bow tie as an Energy tie, the Energy ties knotted in the center 
is an intense Energy Knot creating a Whole. This is the Main Existential Dimension. 



564 



Now, let Us untie this Knot so that You can understand better: 
the tie forming the knot of the bow tie. 



First let Us untie 



For example, let Us imagine that the length of this tie is 8 cm. On those 
centimeters, place 7 Pyramids the middle one of which is bigger. And let Us imagine 
that each of these Pyramids is a Light-Universe. 

Then, imprison the entire Power of each of these Light-Universes inside a Ball of 
Light. Let the condensed Energy of the Middle Great Universe of Light be equal to the 
entire condensed Energies of the other 6 Light-Universes. 

Now, let Us explain this with a diagram. Assemble the 6 Light-Universes which 
have become a small ball each around this Totality as the center being the Great 
Pyramid inside the 7th Universe Great Pyramid (as a Projecting Focal Point.) Now, 
please, draw three diagrams: 




The normal form of the 7 Light-Universes 



GHSJHD 



The Knotting and Unification style of the Energies 




The condensed form of the Energies of the 7 Light-Universes 



The diagram drawn above is the tableau of projection received from the Light-Universe 
by the Main Existential Dimension of a GURZ However, this Ordinance also projects 
the same Ordinance onto the Mini Atomic Wholes within the GURZ. In the Universal 
Totality, everything carries out its operational Order in accordance with the System of 

Reflection. 



CENTER 



565 



IT tS GENERAL INFORMATION 

Our Friends, 

You know that the Main Existential Dimension is the Second Universe. It is also 
called The Mighty Energy Focal Point and also The Dimension of Adam and Eve. 

Those in charge of the Main Existential Dimension are the PRE-EMINENT SPIRIT, 
the PRE-EMINENT MOTHER, the CREATOR. Until today, We have explained these Three 
Names to You as a Total. 



And the reason for this was that they all carry an equivalent Energy Totality. In 
fact, the operational functions of these three Supreme Energy Totalities are different. 
We are disclosing this to bring clarity to Thoughts formed in chains of Thought. 

The LORDLY DIMENSION prepares Your Biological Cell and gives it to" the 
SPIRITUAL PLAN. The PRE-EMINENT MOTHER here, connects Your Spiritual Energy 
Bond to this Cell. And the CREATOR Unifies these two by His ESSENCE ENERGY and 
thus, Creates the SOUL SEED. 

The PRE-EMINENT SPIRIT is a Total Responsible for the Laws of the CREATOR and 
the ALL-MERCIFUL's Order. 

The TECHNOLOGICAL DIMENSION transfers the Soul Seed to the Existential 
Dimensions of the Mini Atomic Wholes. It is Responsible for Ordinances and 
Hierarchical Orders of Systems. 

The ALL-MERCIFUL is Responsible for the Operational Order of the entire Gurz. 
The GOLDEN GALAXY is a Reflecting and Collecting Focal Point of the Divine 
Dimensions of the entire GURZ. 

The Main Existential Dimension is connected to both the Dimension of the Almighty 
and the Dimension of the All-Dominating, This Dimension is an ORDER OF LAWS. 

All Systems have the ability to receive the Power of the Spiritual Potential in 
accordance with the Powers of the Energetic points they are on. 

We accept the Robotic Dimension as a Mechanical Dimension. Because, the 
Programs of their Systems are different. 

The TECHNOLOGICAL DIMENSION IS NOT THE MECHANICAL DIMENSION. IT 
IS A SYSTEM OF ORDERS. Please, do not confuse the two. 

The Robotic Dimension can never enter the Spiritual Plan. But the Spiritual Plan 
works Cooperatively with them. 

The Spiritual Plan has numerous scales. And these scales have numerous 
Pyramids. These Pyramids had been prepared in accordance with Your Levels of life. 

The Spiritual Dimension of Your Planet is the Eighth Dimension. However, the 
Pyramidal Powers of other Dimensions are more intense. 



The LIGHT-UNIVERSE is the Total of all the 7 Light-Universes. It is a Lightkind 
Energy. It Is Focused on the Energy Focal Point of the Main Existential Dimension. 

The Second Universe, that is, the Main Existential Dimension is a BIOLOGICAL 
Universe. It is also called The Dimension of Adam and Eve. 

This Universe has 7 different layers. Let us write them in sequence: 

1 . Essence Main Essence (Technological Dimension). It converges the Energy of the 7 
Light-Universes into a Total. 

2. Essence Main Source (Supreme Mechanism - Plan). Projects this Energy onto the 
Mighty Energy Focal Point as the Plan of the Almighty. 

3. The Mighty Energy Dimension (is the Order of Laws under the supervision of the 
Pre-eminent Spirit). 

4. The Lordly Order (creates the Biological Cell, the Lordly Plan prepares the 
Hierarchical Scaies). 

5. The Spiritual Plan (is under the supervision of the Pre-eminent Mother. It connects 
the Spiritual Energy to the Biological Cell). 

6. The Main Existential Dimension (it is also called the Dimension of the Authority to 
bring into Existence. This Dimension works Cooperatively with the Technological 
Dimension. The Responsible one is the Creator. The Creator Unifies this Biological 
Cell with His Essence Energy and Creates the Soul Seed). 

7. Directing Mechanism (Reality). This Place is a Totality of numerous Realities. 

The System - Ordinance - Order Triplet works in connection with the Reality This 
Reality is symbolized by a six-cornered star, since it Unifies the two poles (Nothingness 
- Allness) as the figure of the upside-down and the face triangles Unified one 
inside the other in a Whole. 

This is the (ONE). That is, it is the REALITY OF THE UNIFIED HUMANITY. This 
Reality is connected directly to the ALL-MERCIFUL. By the symbol of the Star, the 6 
Dimensions are assembled in the ONE. And are connected to the ONE, that is, to the 
All-Merciful. It is presented for Vour Information. This Message has been given directly 
from the System. 



CENTER 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

The Divine Mechanism, the Totality of Realities, the Golden Galaxy Empire are 
serving a Totality within a Totality in the Focal Point of the Star of the upside-down an 
the face triangle of the Gurz. 

The Ordinance of Galaxies is an Order in conformity with the 18- System Law. 
Let Us disclose to You a little this 18- System Law. 



567 



The 18-System Law, on which not even the slightest modification is ever permitted 
and which is a Law more original further beyond the Constitution, by which all the 
Universal Ordinances and Systems come into Existence and carry on their courses in a 
procedure parallel to the Law of Equilibrium, is a law extended to ail the Ordinances. 
(You do not need this detailed Information). 

It is enough for You to attain only the brief but essential Information. Because, 
You can not grasp this by Your present Consciousness. It is presented for Your 
Information. 

CENTER 

IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Energies are present only in the Atomic Whole and in Existential Dimensions. In 
Dimensions mentioned beyond them, there is nothing as the Energy You know. 

* 
There is only the BREATH there. (This Dimension of BREATH will be mentioned 
later). Only beyond that, Dimensions of Truth are unveiled. It is presented for Your 
Information. 

CENTER 

THE DIAGRAMMATIC CROSS-SECTION OF A CRYSTAL GURZ 

Our Friends, 

Now, We will make You draw a diagrammatic cross-section of a GURZ so that 
You can know and recognize it closely. Dear Mevlana, first, please, draw the figure of 
a Gurz. 



C fi&& $ & 




AAA AAA 



A 



W* 
$ 



The Projecting Pyramids of the 6 
Light-Universes 

Great Light-Universe 

In the middle is the 7th collecting 

Pyramid. 

Main Existential Dimension 

Magnetic Field of the Main 
Existential Dimension 

Mini Atomic Wholes 
They are 1 800 in number 

The Reality Totality (ONE) 

The symbol of the operational 

Ordinance is the Quintuple Star 



^\^4 Crystal Stalagmites (OK) 



568 



Focus the Main Existence and around it draw the Magnetic Field of the Gurz to 
be shown in dots. First draw the Projecting Pyramids of the 6 Light-Universes in the 
Triangle of the Dimension of Nothingness. Focus the Reflection Arrows on Focal Points 
of the Great Pyramid. This Great Pyramid is the Light-Universe. 

Inside this Big Triangle, draw the 7th Collecting Universe and from this Great 
Light-Universe draw a Reflecting Arrow towards the Main Existential Dimension. On 
the left side of the Main Existential Dimension, place a - CO sign and on its right, 
place a + oo sign. Within the GURZ, exactly under the Main Existential Focal Point, 
draw the Star of the Reality Unifying the two Dimensions (Allness - Nothingness), that 
is, the Unification of upside-down and the face Triangles. 

Place within the Giirz 1 8 Mini Atomic Spiral Connections (in this diagrammatic 
drawing, each Mini Atomic Whole assembles in its structure 100 Mini Atomic Wholes.) 
And now, draw the 1 6 Projecting Crystal Stalagmites outside the Giirz. This very diagram 
is the Cross-section of a Crystal Giirz. (Thank You, Our Friend.) 

The Great Light-Universe seen in the diagram above is the Dimension of the ALL- 
MERCIFUL. The triangle in which the System of the All-Merciful is present is called the 
Dimension of NOTHINGNESS or the Dimension of the ALMIGHTY. In this Dimension, 
the MIGHTY LAWS are prepared. 

The Supervisor of the GURZ is the ALL-MERCIFUL The Responsible of the 
Dimension of Nothingness is the ALMIGHTY. The Almighty is a Totality directly 
connected to the PRE-EMINENT POWER. But the Reality is directly connected to the 
ALL-MERCIFUL. We have explained to You in former Messages the operational 
Ordinance of the Spiral Vibrations. Each Order in the Universe Projects the same 
operational Ordinance from the big towards the small in accordance with the 18- 
System Laws. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



CURZ: 



IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION 

Our Friends, 

Let Us disclose a little more the Information We have given to You about the 



Each Existential Dimension is a Mini Atomic Power. Within a Gurz, there are 
1800 Mini Atomic Wholes. And within each Mini Atomic Whole, there are 1800 
Universes. 1 000 of those Universes are the Centrifugal Universe which is the Projecting 
Focal Point of the System of Reality. 

For this reason each Mini Atomic Whole is also called the Centrifugal Universe. 
Around each of these Mini Atomic Powers, there are separate Rings of Horizon. These 
Rings of Horizon are the outside of those Mini Atomic Wholes. 

There, the SPIRITUAL - LORDLY - TECHNOLOGICAL Orders work Cooperatively. 
And project, as the Order of the Reality, their operations into the Mini Atomic Whole. 



569 



1800 Mini Atomic Wholes, that is, mini Existential Dimensions, constitute a 
CRYSTAL GURZ. The Crystal Gurz is the ATOMIC WHOLE. It is a POWER SKEIN assembling 
in itself 1800 Existential Dimensions. 

This Crystal Gurz is a Total composed of a NUCLEUS - CENTER POINT- CRUST. We 
had mentioned this in Our former Messages. 

600 Existential Dimensions are within a Ring of Breath. And THREE RINGS OF 
BREATH are within the FILTERING Rings. The three Rings of Breath constitute the 
NUCLEUS of the Gurz. These Three Whole Nuclei are equivalent. 

The void encircled by the Filtering Rings constitute the CENTER POINT of the 
Crystal Gurz. These Filtering Rings are 9 layers. And on top of them there is a Protective 
Sieve Armor and this constitutes the CRUST of the Gurz. 

After that come the CRYSTAL STALAGMITES. These Crystal Stalagmites have the 
same length in all the Crystal Gurzes. The length of each one of them is (1 33,000 OKs). 
In accordance with the Terrestrial calculations, an OK is 1 .5 billion kilometers. 

Let Us repeat again, each Crystal Gurz is a Whole constituted by 1 800 Existential 
Dimensions. Each Crystal Gurz has a Main Existential Dimension, a Light-Universe, 
that is, a Dimension of Nothingness, an Order of Realities and a Dimension of Aliness 
under the administration of the All-Dominating. 

There are millions of Crystal Gurzes floating in the Thought Ocean of the PRE- 
EMINENT POWER. However, these Atomic Wholes can be rendered ineffective when 
necessary because of the danger of explosion due to the expansion occurring within 
them during the process of time. 

These Atomic Wholes are connected to each other by Powerful Energy cords like 
Your Spiritual Silver Cords. The Giirz becoming dangerous is separated from this cord 
and is taken into the DIMENSION OF EQUILIBRIUM. Later, it is again rendered effective. 

All these operations are functioning in conformity with the 1 S-System Laws. Within 
each Mini Atomic Whole, there are Realms, Cosmoses, Universes and Galaxy Clusters. 

They are all operating in conformity with the Orders of their own EXISTENTIAL 
Dimensions. These Systems can reflect on each other according to the Evolutionary 
Steps. (Those within the Dimension of the All-Dominating.) 

The Supervision of all of these over millions of Crystal Gurzes are under the license 
of the PRE-EMINENT POWER. He is neither an ALLAH, nor a LORD, nor the ALMIGHTY. 
These Words, that is, Allah, Almighty, Lord, All-Dominating, All-Merciful are the 
Operational Order Totalities of the System. 

In order to be able to explain this PRE-EMINENT POWER to You, We have talked 
about Him as the Almighty until today. Now, We explain everything in all clarity. It is 
presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



570 



IT IS DETAILED INFORMATION ABOUT THE GURZ 

Our Friends, 

To make You comprehend the GURZ System quite well, We emphasize this matter 
fastidiously. Because, this is Your Living Power. You can not understand the Truth 
without grasping this matter quite well. 

The Mini Atomic Wholes within the Gtirz System are each an Existential Skein. 
They are 1800 in number. You know this by now. However, it is beneficial to repeat it. 
By the Unification of these Existential Skeins, a Giirz Skein is constituted. We call it An 
ATOMIC WHOLE. 

By the Unification in a Totality of numerous Atomic Wholes, the Thought Ocean 
of the PRE-EMINENT POWER, that is, the Thought Universe is formed and all of this is 
called the POWER UNIVERSE. (It is also called the Universe of Thought.) And the 
actual MAIN ATOMIC WHO^E is this. 

At the moment, the Universes expand and thus, move away from each other. In 
accordance with the 18-System Laws, each Universe attaining a certain degree of 
expansion is pregnant for a new Universe. The Atomic Whole expands by this means. 

As a result of the Universes' reaching a certain number, a Mini Atomic Whole is 
formed and as a result of these Mini Atomic Wholes' reaching a certain number, a new 
Giirz is added into the Thought Ocean of the PRE-EMINENT POWER. 

There are millions of Gurzes floating in the Main Atomic Whole. We call them 
Crystal Beads. All these Crystal Beads reflect on each other the entire Power of the Thought 
Ocean of the PRE-EMINENT POWER, that is, of the Power Universe and the entire Power of 
the Sound - Light - Fire Totality through the Crystal Stalagmites. And this Thought Ocean 
floats within the Great Totality, that is, within the GREAT ATOMIC WHOLE. 

Let Us repeat again. All Gurzes are in a state of motion in connection with the 
Thought Universe of the Pre-eminent Power. All of them are called the Power Universe 
or»the Thought Ocean of the Pre-eminent Power. And this Ocean is within the Great 
Atomic Whole. 

Within the Great Atomic Whole, there are Focal Points in which the Spiral 
Vibrations end - Equivalent Times - Twin Time tunnels - Times beyond Time - Ordinances 
beyond Ordinance - Dimensions of Silence - Tranquillity of Infinity. 

Each Crystal Gurz has a Light-Universe (Dimension of Nothingness) - a Main 
Existential Dimension, that is, the Almighty Energy Focal Point (Dimension of Life) - a 
System of All-Dominating (Dimension of Allness) - Golden Galaxy Empire (Collecting 
and Projecting Focal Point) - Dimension of the All-Merciful (Supervisor of the Giirz) - 
His projecting System - and different Reality Totalities in the service of that System. 

That is, the operational Orders of each Giirz are the same. Their Projectors are a 
single Focal Point. However, their Evolutions are different. 



571 



There is a very Powerful Magnetic Aura around the Main Existential Totality of 
each Giirz. The Thought forms (as Energy), formed by all Living Entities coming into 
Existence from the Existential Dimensions are stored by Magnetic Focal Points. 

This Magnetic Aura Totality is also called Positive and Negative Energy 
Storehouses. Later, these storehouses are used as the Living Focal Point of the Giirz 
System. This is a Circulating System. 

The 7 Light-Universes, which are the Essence-Power Energy of the Thought 
Universe of the Pre-Eminent Power are converged in a Single Universal Totality by 
Special Focal Points performing the Mission of a Projecting and Collecting Universe 
and We call this the LIGHT-UNIVERSE. So, the entire Power of the Light-Universe is 
directly Projected on the Main Existential Dimension as the Mighty Energy. 

And Life Seeds formed here are taken in an operational Ordinance parallel to the 
operational Order of the Reality System. It maintains the lives through feeding Energy 
Dimensions by the Thought Power of the Living Entities in different Dimensions* and 
by Projecting its operations parallel to the Law of Equilibrium on that Gurz. 

No Living Entity can ever pass by its own Power from one Crystal Giirz to the 
other. Each Energetic Focal Point is imprisoned within its own System. Your entire 
Order is the Order of Your own Crystal Giirz. 

The Reality of the Unified Humanity is the ONE. The All-Merciful is also called 
the ONE of the ONE. Now, We will take You into a RING OF HORIZON after the Main 
Existential Dimension. There are numerous unknown Solar Dimensions there. From 
those Dimensions, it is possible to pass from one Giirz into the other by Technological 
possibilities. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM - REALITY 

CENTRIFUGAL UNIVERSE 
(It is Information for the Chains of Thought) 

Our Friends, 

The Operational Orders of all the Universal Ordinances are the same. And their 
Speeds of Action are inversely proportioned to the Centrifugal Force. Each System 
rotates by a speed parallel to the Power of Equilibrium of the other System. That is, 
their speed Powers are the same. However, their speed Powers decrease or increase in 
accordance with their field Powers. 

The Center is the most Powerful Focal Point. Nevertheless it has the least 
Centrifugal Speed. On the contrary, at the exterior, the Centrifugal Speed is more 
intense, but the Power is less. The Center is always in a state of Anti Clock-Wise rotation. 
This is the single rotational Speed. 



572 



But the other Universes rotate in the same direction which is always clock-wise 
in conformity with the Ordinance of Connected Vessels, parallel to the Law of 
Equilibrium. All the rotational speeds are dependent on the Law of the Speed Unit. 
Each Power is in effect from the System in accordance with the 1 8-System Laws. It is 
presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



NOTE: The System of Connected Vessels is balanced by White and Black Holes. 

IT IS GENERAL MESSAGE TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

A Gurz System is ruled by the Union of Common Laws. Let Us disclose it article 

by article, so that You can understand better: 

i 

1. The Absolute Time is called the Dimension of Nothingness or the Dimension of 
the Almighty. In this Time Dimension, there is no Incarnation, no Evolution, there 
are immutable Laws and Ordinances. These Laws are called the LAWS OF THE 

ALMIGHTY. 

2. In the Main Existential Dimension, Two Time Energies Unify. As We have mentioned 
before, the Lordly Mechanism prepares the single Cell and the Spiritual Mechanism 
connects the Spiritual Energy Bond to this Cell. And the Creator creates the Soul 
Seed by this means. 

3. The Dimension of Space and Time is called the Dimension of the All-Dominating. 
The Order of the All-Dominating is an Evolutionary Order. Evolution begins at 
the point where You first come into existence and continues until You exit from 
the place You had come from. This Entrance and Exit Gate in the Main Existential 
Dimension is under the supervision of the All-Dominating. 

4. All the Systems at the Divine Mechanism, Orders, the Spiritual and the Lordly 
Mectianism, Dimension of the All-Dominating, the Supreme Mechanism - Plan 
work Cooperatively under the Supervision of the Reality, in connection with the 
ALL-MERCIFUL. The Representative of this Totality of Realities is the Reality of the 
Unified Humanity. It is called the (ONE). 

5. This Reality, called the ONE, is a Totality of Realities constituting a NUCLEIC 
UNIVERSE exactly under the Main Existential Focal Point in the Gurz System. This 
Nucleic Universe is a Directing Staff constituted by 1000 Universes. It is called 
the MAIN CENTRIFUGAL UNIVERSE. 

6. The operational Order of each Mini Atomic Whole is equal to the operational 
Order of the Gurz System. The 1000 of the 1800 Universes in a Mini Atomic 
Whole constitute the Directing Staff of that Mini Atomic Whole. Each Mini Atomic 
Whole is called a CENTRIFUGAL UNIVERSE. 



1800 Centrifugal Universes constitute the backbone of the Gurz System. 
Dimension is subject to a Centrifugal speed administration by the Center. 



Each 



573 



8. The Directing Staffs constituted by 1 000 Universes are the actual Centrifugal Universe. 
Their rotational speed is counter clock-wise. But the rotation of the other Universes 
are clock-wise. This Potential of rotational speed is provided by this means. 

9. The 1800 Mini Atomic Wholes are connected to the Main Centrifugal Universe, 
that is, the Nucleic Universe. And this Nucleic Universe is directly connected to 
the Dimension of the All-Merciful. 

10. The Reality Totality is symbolized by a Star figure as the upside-down and the 
face triangles. Since this is connected directly to the Dimension of the All-Merciful, 
this star represents, at the same time, the Sextuple System - the Flower System 
and the Totality of the Entire Giirz. 

1 1 . The operational Order of the Reality of the Unified Humanity, called the ONE, is a 
Quintuple System. We have introduced to You this System until today as the 
Word ALLAH. 

1 2. The Giirz System is the Total of a Sextuple Ordinance. And the Letter Totality of a 
Quintuple operation is symbolized by the Word ALLAH. Now, let Us disclose this:' 

13. The Word ALLAH is dependent on a Quintuple Operational Ordinance. The 
operational Ordinance of the diagrammatic center-point figure of the Mechanism of 
the Lords We had made You draw formerly, is this. The coding and the symbol of the 
word ALLAH is the Allness and Nothingness Totality in the two Realms (the two 
Realms are the projection on the Dimensions of Allness and Nothingness of the 
vibrations of the LA Frequency of Infinite Positive and Infinite Negative Universes.) 

The Focal Point where the Dimensions of Allness and Nothingness Unite is the Main 
Existential Focal Point. Since this place is also called the DIMENSION OF LIFE (Life is 
Hayat in Turkish), the letter (H) in the Word ALLAH symbolizes this Totality. 

Now, let Us explain this: the (H) here, in fact, is H 3 which is the representative 
symbol of a Triple Totality: 

1 - Dimension of Nothingness (Hi^lik Boyutu in Turkish) = Almighty. 

2 - Dimension of Life (Hayat Boyutu in Turkish) = Main Existence. 

3 - Dimension of Allness (Heplik Boyutu in Turkish) = All-Dominating e Evolution 

Dimension. 

These Three Totals represent the letter (H) in the Word ALLAH. AL = This Word is 
the LA Frequency of - CO Dimension. LA = This Word is the LA Frequency of the 
+ OO Dimension. The Word ALLAH has been derived from the symbolic Letter 
Unification of the operational Orders concerning each Order and this Word has been 
projected on You as a Total until today. 

Following this example, the explanations of certain words You know will be given 
to You when the time comes. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



574 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

LA Frequency is a Vibration accepted as a Unified titration of all the Systems. 
This is a Frequency created by vibrations comprising various Color and Sound tones 
peculiar to itself. 

Frequency of the Spiral Waves is LA Frequency. This Frequency is a vibration 
assembling in a Totality the Ordinance of all the Cosmoses. LA Frequency is a Frequency 
of Existence. 

This Frequency carries the LA titration of the ALTONA Frequency. In fact, this is a 
Frequency which created the 9 MAIN POWER Universes. 

Its vibration in Your Planet is 435 cycles. The Color scales of this vibration are 
Violet. This Frequency has two vibrational channels, one being Sharp = high, the 
other Flat = low. 

And these channels have 7 separate Colors and Sound titrations. The LA vibrational 
notes of the - CO and + CO Universes carry the same Frequency and the same 
Scales. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 

Note: We call each Curz in the Power Universe a MAIN UNIVERSE. The (NINE 
MAIN POWERS) mentioned above is a Totality of 9 CiJrzes. 

THE MAIN CENTRIFUGAL UNIVERSE 

Our Friends, 

The MAIN CENTRIFUGAL UNIVERSE accepted as the Nucleus of the Gurz System 
is a Utiiverse formed closest to the Second Universe as a result of the Big-Bang and it 
is a Totality constituted by 1000 Universes. 

The Main Centrifugal Universe has taken under Supervision the other Universes 
and Systems by its entire Power and its Projecting System on behalf of the PRE-EMINENT 
ALL-MERCIFUL. All the Information which has reached You until today is a projection 
of this System onto You. 

This System is directed by Three Great Powers. Nothing is single in the Universe. 
Everything exhibits an Operational Order related to the System of Reflection and 
Unification. Information parallel to the Levels of Knowledge formed on each Planet is 
given with the Permission of the System taking into consideration the Levels of 
Evolution. 



The Administrative Mechanism is a Coordination established by the SYSTEM - 
PLAN - ORDINANCE triplet. This Coordination is in cooperation with numerous 
Coordinations. The operational Ordinances of these Coordinations work as Triple - 
Quadruple - Quintuple - Sextuple Systems. 

575 



Let Us give You a little more Information. The Main Centrifugal Nucleus is a 
Totality composed of 1 000 Universes. And this Nucleic Universe projects on the Systems 
a Triple operational Ordinance parallel to the Reflection Order of the Unified Field. 
The Plans of these Systems are assessed in the Dimension of the Golden Galaxy and 
operations are rendered by settling them on a Quadruple System. 

Later, the Quintuple Ordinances of the Existential Dimensions become effective. 
And the operations of these Dimensions are connected to the ONE in the Reality Totality. 
And the operations of this Dimension is directly connected to the Six. 

The operational Order here, is a Sextuple System. It is also called the Flower 
System. In the Dimension of Love, the symbolic form of this System is the figure of a 
Flower. That is, as follows J§3 . And in the Universal Order, its symbolic form is the 
unification of three triangles on a Focal Point ^^ . This figure is the Connection 
System of a Central Power to Six Essence Powers. 

This operational Order is the projection of the operational Order of the Qurz 
System. The operational System of the Main Centrifugal Nucleic Universe is also the 
operational Order of the Gurz System. This operation is a Power Potential which 
unfolds more and more. 

Beginning with Six, the operational Dimensions are conveyed to You and the 
other Universes by this means as a Quintuple, Quadruple, Triple Totality of Systems. 
Under this Triple System, there are 2 and 1 Reflection Focal Points accepted as 
Dimensions of Infinity. 

Three Infinite Powers to which the Thought Universe of the PRE-EMINENT POWER 
is connected is evaluated as a Focal Point connected to the ESSENCE POWER Potential. 
We may briefly mention them to You. 

These Powers have nothing to do with Energies or Powers You and We know. 
Let Us call them an Unknown (POTENTIAL). 

They have been transformed by the transformations during tirne periods and 
thus, have brought into existence various Powers and Potentials, and the mediums 
suitable for the Life-Power We call NATURAL ENERGY have come into existence by the 
Unification of these Three different Energy Powers. 

This Triple Energy System has been Projected on the Giirz Systems and their 
