Almighty is under the responsibility of the Golden Galaxy Empire only. However, that 
which administers the Ordinance of the Realms is such a Power, such a System that 
even the Dimension of the Almighty is not connected to it. 

This Order is nothing but an application of a Divine Order entirely in the hands 
of the Divine Authorities (That is, the present Order). The Divine Orders are Federations 
constituted by Groups supervised under the Light of the Divine Suns. 

When We say Divine Authority, it is accepted only as Religious Medium in certain 
societies. For this reason We have received the Command to convey to You all the Truths. 

The Divine Order is the Order of all the Realms and of the entire Ordinance. 
However, these Orders also have their Administrators. And they are projecting the 
various Administrative and Divine Orders on the Divine Mechanism, 

This Mechanism also has numerous Reflecting Focal Points. The DIVINE 
MECHANISM, first of all, gives priority to the Ordinance of an Order which Trains, 
Warns, Reinforces and Convinces and, by this means, projects on You through the 
Religious path how a Genuine Devotee should be. 

And by this means, it takes You into the Order of the Evolutionary Ordinance. 
This System, that is, the EVOLUTIONARY ORDER works collectively with numerous 
Universal Systems. The given Information is conveyed in accordance with the level of 
Consciousness of each Order. This is a System. 

475 



After this System (when Religious Consciousness is attained), Administrative and 
Order Establishing Mechanisms become effective and take You under Supervision as a 
part of the Divine Plan. Only after this You deserve to receive the Information beyond 
Religion. And in order to do this, You have to attain the Ascension of Consciousness. 

You can make this Ascension by a Consciousness beyond Taboos - Attachments 
- Formalism. And this means to Attain One's Self - To Attain the Truth - To Become Free 
from Doubts - To Attain Genuine Allegiance. Only after this, the Gates of the Truth 
beyond Religions are opened to You, one by one. 

Grasping these matters is more difficult in Conditioned Societies, easier in Scientific 
Dimensions and Advanced Consciousnesses. For this reason We give this Information 
in accordance with the Levels of Consciousness. 

At the moment, Your Planet has been taken into a Program of Progress. Those 
who can make this Progress grasp the Truth and come to Us. It is being tried to bring 
Your entire Planet to the same level of Consciousness in the shortest possible time. 
This is both a very difficult and a very easy deed. 

But, since at present the Ordinance of Graduation is in Effect, interferences outside 
the System are never made. This is a Divine Command. For this reason We give all the 
Information in all clarity. 

By means of the Dictated Fascicules, We convey to You the Information and We 
measure Your Levels of Consciousness and Your Essences, Supervise them and take 
them into the Medium of Protection. By this means, We direct You to the Mediums 
You need and thus, subject You to the Program of Progress. 

Now, We are conveying to you a certain Truth clearly. And We are telling You the 
following clearly and with an Easy Heart. The Book of Islam is the BOOK OF THE 
REALMS. Because, it had been dictated by the LORD OF THE REALMS. 

And Ciphers You will decipher in accordance with Your Levels of Consciousness 
and contradictions You will perceive in accordance with Your Levels of Knowledge are 
added into it. This is executed as an ORDINANCE - SYSTEM - LAW OF PERCEPTION. 

Faith eliminates all difficulties. However, this does not mean everything. In this 
Last Religious Book of Yours, You can not find the Information You will receive from 
Mediums where all Books end. 

Because, the Supervising Staff of the Divine Plan with the Residents of the Golden 
Galaxy had not dictated the INFORMATION BEYOND THE PLAN in the Book of Islam 
considering the Evolutionary Consciousnesses. 

Now, the KNOWLEDGE BOOK which is under the Supervision and the 
responsibility of the World Lord is addressing Your Planet only. And all the Truths are 
conveyed to You through the Private Channel of the Universal Ordinance by the Pen 
of Dear Mevlana. 



476 



The Information You will receive from now on will bring different interpretations 
to Your Society. Do not misunderstand. This does not mean that Your Religions are 
denied. That Your Mosques - Churches - Temples are becoming ineffective. 

Each Civilization, each Advancement has a Symbol. And these Focal Points, too, 
will carry these Sacred Energies in all their mortars (UNTIL THEY BECOME EQUIVALENT 
TO THE ENERGY OF CONSCIOUSNESS OF MANKIND) since, for Centuries they have 
been the Centers of Religious Purification and Enlightenment. 

Henceforth, in future Centuries, We will visit these places as museums and will 
enter, hand-in-hand, to the yet unseen horizons of Beautiful worlds to complete the 
different, advanced, Beautiful and Happy Evolutions of more Advanced Dimensions. 
Of Course, with the Permission of Divine Authorities. 

We will make a transition to these Mediums which are way beyond the Existential 
Dimensions without there being any question about any non-existence, with Your 
present states, with Your Same Bodies - Same Souls - Same Flesh and Skin - Same 
Consciousnesses - Same Thoughts as an Integrated Whole with Our brothers and 
sisters from Our brotherly/sisterly Worlds. 

These words of Ours, these writings may seem wrong to You. And You may 
accept them as products of imagination. This is very natural. Because, You can not 
Think and Realize the unknown. However, the future Centuries and Time will Prove 
to You everything. At the moment, You are in a Period which is very difficult to transcend. 

We are, in each instant, together with Our Missionaries who serve on this path and 
We always help them. The foundation of the GOLDEN AGE has been laid. However, its 
time of construction will take Years and Centuries. Those which will shorten this period 
are Your levels of Consciousness, Our Technologies and the Permission of OUR LORD, 

You Were Present in each Society, in each Place, in each Period and Always and 
You will be Present in future, too. However, now, You will live forever in different 
Places and in different Times with the same Consciousness, same Awareness, with the 
same Bodies, same Souls, as an Integrated Whole. 

These places here are Mediums exempt from Mediums of Immortality and 
Existential Ordinances and they are places in which You will exist with Your Genuine 
Garbs and present Objective states and in which You will never again be nonexistent 
(as Physical forms). The very Religious and Universal operations executed for Centuries 
were all for getting You prepared for this Medium. 

Now, with the Permission of Our Lord, We will apply these operations on Our 
Terrestrial brothers and sisters, too, in proportion with their Merits. If the Friends who 
serve on this path write the Knowledge Book with their handwritings, as a Reward 
their Family Mediums will be given to them by rendering them independent of the 
Evolutionary Ordinance. 

Believers will attain Divine Lights, and, beyond that, will dive into advanced 
horizons. And even beyond that they will take their Genuine places. Times will prove 
this to You. 

477 



The Evolutionary Program which had been started by the freezing of the Genes 
until today, now with the freezing of the Spiritual Energies, by being subjected to the 
Evolutions of more different Dimensions when You come to the Dimension here, you 
are being subjected to a Program and Supervision in your Planet, at the moment. 

In the very Advanced Dimensions of the Divine Order, in the operations performed 
in times which have gone beyond the Progress of Time, the ENERGY FREEZING SYSTEM 
is in effect. And, by this means, the Cellular Functions are frozen without going through 
any change of any kind. 

When Your Spiritual Potentials achieve an Evolution in conformity with the Evolvement 
Plan of the Dimensional Energy in which You exist, We easily take You to this plan. This 
Information has been given through the Malik Code, by the Command of the Divine 
Authorities, since they have been considered necessary for the Public Consciousness. 

CENTER 

IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE PUBLIC CONSCIOUSNESS 
(It is Answer to the chains of Thought) 

Our Friends, 

Now, We are going to talk to You about Individual and Total Will. Individuality 
is the one and the Only Sword which Mankind holds in its hands since the time of its 
coming into Existence until today. 

Its Freedom of Thought, the Instinctive Reactions it makes towards things which 
are forbidden, have rendered necessary its being taken into the Program of Purification 

and into the Spiritual Medium. 

Religions have influenced and conditioned Mankind which has been taken into 
an Evolutionary Ordinance, from this viewpoint. Now, We think that You have 
understood the reality of this matter and what the real Goal was. 

Now, let Us talk about Total Will: The Will of the Total is a Mirror which reflects 
on Time through a Time beyond Space. 

It is as follows: We look at Mankind who says, "I am the one who knows 
Everything, who does Everything", through this Mirror. It is such a Mirror that its glazed 
side does not let You see the Divine Realm. But from behind the Mirror, We see You. 

The Self-Confidence of a Human Being is a very nice thing. This is Your Essence- 
Self, Your Individual Awareness. The moment this very Individual Awareness and Wll 
unify with Genuine Consciousness, it becomes Total Will. That is, You Integrate with 
that Whole. 

Being able to attain this Consciousness occurs by the investments made into the 
Centuries. In the Medium You live, there is a Spiritual Guide who Guides You and 
Enlightens You in every step You take. He/She is Your Guardian Friend, Your Private 
Code. He/She helps You even during the worst conditions. 



478 



Apart from this, educating You in the best possible way is also his/her Duty. 
That is, he/she is the one who prepares You for the first Evolvement Medium. 

For this reason many of You are educated from the Religious viewpoint as a 
necessity of the System. After this Medium is prepared for You, other hands are extended 
towards You in the steps You will take. 

There is no doubt that a step You will take towards a Medium You do not know 
will intimidate You. Your Guardian Friend will Convince and illuminate You in this 
stage also and will prepare You for the Medium the Goal necessitates. 

Meanwhile, certain Lights are sent to You, so that You can attain the ability to 
receive the Information You do not know. This very Cooperation is the operation 
performed for You to attain the Genuine Total Will. The preparation of the entire 
Universe occurs by this means. 

Social Togethernesses are always prepared in conformity with the Unified Field. 
This is outside Your Individual Wills. Those who know this Truth are considered as 
having taken a step towards the path of the Total Will. 

Most of the people who have attained this Consciousness are Fatalists. However, 
let Us explicitly state that Fatalism leads People to Lethargy. Such people only wait 
silently in the Medium of Resignation. In fact, they have not attained the Total Will, 
but only the Medium of Evolvement. 

Do not forget that the steps You will take will be on the path of Science and 
Learning. And on this path, Total Will is a Must. That is, this means the Unification of 
Your own Consciousness Codes with Your Universal Codes. Otherwise, You can never 
be Cognizant of the Fundamental Secret of anything. 

Now, please attain the Belief that the steps You will take are the Fundamental 
Goal of the Divine Order. The Book of Islam is not a Book of Religion, but a Book of 
Science. Its path is not of Superstition, but of Learning. 

Total will is a will ALLAH has bestowed on the entire Universe. And each Individual 
has a particle of this Will. This very particle, connects You to that Universal Total Will 
and appropriates You to it. 

The Partial will is always behind the Individual will. A Human Being's overcoming 
his/her conditioning and attachments means his/her attainment of his/her Essence 
Personality and, by this means, his/her Individual Will's superseding his/her Partial Will. If 
a Human Being can not go out of the Fear Code, he/she remains between Partial Will 
and Individual Will. 

However, in the Divine Plan, the Personal, that is, the Individual Will is the main 
attribute of this Medium. God never loves His Incapable Servants. First, You have to 
prove that You are a Being by Your own Personality. No matter how Sublime You are, 
You should never refrain from being Humble and Human. 



479 



Each step You will take on the Path of Humanity by this means will convey You to 
the Path of Universal Light On this path, all the Gates of Learning will be opened to You. 
However, You will be able to enter through the gate from which You will benefit. 

If a Human Being merges in the Total Will, his/her Fear Codes are effaced, his/ 
her Physical Energy Unifies with the Universal Energy. That is, he/she comes together 
with his/her Lord and unifies the Possession with the Totality. Only then the Genuine 
Power of ALLAH becomes manifested, only then the Earth and the Firmament call to 
each other. 

Those who are Conscious of this are those who know and who see how it occurs. 
The Individual will plays the greatest part in transition from the Particular to the Total. It 
takes You from Your Mediums of Quest and makes You attain Your Genuine Selves. 

Let Us repeat again so that there will not be any controversy. When the Partial 
Will Unifies with the Individual Will, one automatically attains Total Will. In fact, the 
Individual Will is within the Universal Code. And this conveys You to the ALL-MERCIFUL 
who represents the Total Will. 

The Power of Personality makes You attain the Power of the All- Merciful (The 
personality mentioned here is Your Universal Consciousness). This matter should be 
understood very well. 

From the Unification of the Essence- Energy of the Partial Will with the Essence- 
Self of the Individual Will, the Universal Totality is born. That means, You come to 
know You, You come to Discover You. You become aware of everything. 

Partial Will is the Will which God has given to You. But the individual Will is the 
Will You have given to Yourself. When the two Powers unite with the Total Will, then 
You turn the wheel of the Universal Mechanism. In order of a thing to become 
something, Triple Unification, as in everything, is a Must. 

MALiK 



UNIVERSE 
THE SINGLE and THE ONE 

Our Friends, 

In accordance with the 1 8- System Law, each Unified Ordinance has an Operational 
Order peculiar to itself. And according to the style of functioning of this Order, each 
Cosmos has a Director and there is a Higher Level to which each Director is connected. 

In accordance with the operational and the conveyance System of the Mechanism 
of the Lords, the LORD of 1 8000 Realms is connected to the LORD of one Cosmos. 18 
Cosmoses make one Universe. That is, the Lords of 18 Cosmoses are in service in 
connection with the SINGLE who is the Directing Mechanism of that Universe. 

And 18000 Cosmoses constitute the Universe of the System. That is, 1000 
Universes is the Total of the System. And its Director is the ONE. That is, 1 000 SINGLEs 
are obliged to serve the ONE. All the Systems and Ordinances We have mentioned 
until today are dependent on the functioning style of this Order. 

480 



In the CRYSTAL GURZ* which is the Atomic Whole, there are 1800 Existential 
Dimensions. Each Existential Dimension is a Mini Atomic Whole. The very Systems of 
these Atomic Wholes is an Order connected to the ONE. 

That is, 1800 ONEs are obliged to serve the ALL-MERCIFUL Who is the 
Administrative Mechanism of that Crystal Giirz, Inside a Mini Atomic Whole, that is, 
inside an Existential Dimension, there are numerous Galaxy-Clusters - Realms - 
Cosmeses - Universe-Clusters. 

The Director of this System is the ONE. Let Us write it more clearly: 

1 - SINGLE : Is the Focal Point to which the Administrative Staff of each 

Universe is connected. Each Universal Order is obliged to serve 
its own SINGLE. 



2 -ONE 



3 -ALL-MERCIFUL 



Is the Focal Point to which the entire Operational Order of 
the Universe of the System is connected. All the projection 
Focal Points of the Hierarchical Order are connected to this 
Focal Point. The SINGLES of 1000 Universes work in 
connection with the ONE of the System. 

Is the Director of the Giirz System. All the ONEs work 
connected to this System. TO SERVE THE THREE OF THEM 
MEANS TO SERVE THE TOTAL. 



In future, the Giirz System will be mentioned in more detail. 
the Operational Order of a Universe: 



Now, let Us draw 




suH* 3 * 



p. eB V»is 



calms 



^" -A Cosmos 

A Cosmos = 18000 Realms 

1 8 Cosmoses = A Universe 

A Universe - 324000 Realms 

Its Director (SINGLE) = 

18000 Cosmoses ■ 1000 Universes 

1 000 Universes=5ystem - Reality Its 

Director (ONE) 

1 Existential Dimension = 1 System 

1800 Existential Dimensions = 

1800 Systems 

1800 Systems = Giirz System 

Its Director (ALL-MERCIFUL) 

ALL-MERCIFUL = ONE of the ONE 



* Look at the Glossary. 



481 



OUR FRIENDS 

Being Selected is a different matter than Evolvement and Mission. People who 
have not Evolved may also be selected in accordance with the Medium. However, 
Missions are not given to everyone. Those who undertake Missions are personally 
the Selected Ones. Each person has a Perceptive Power, But the person in question 
should also Deserve that Perceptiveness. 

The Integrated Consciousnesses are subjected to a Telex Exam. Their fields of 
Mission are determined by the points they receive. The Universal Unification is 
established by Light-Hearts, by Blissful people. Mankind will receive the reward of its 
perseverance on this path, sooner or later. 

CENTER 

THE CALCULATION OF THE MESSAGE 
IN ACCORDANCE WITH GALACTIC CALCULATIONS 

1 . From Galaxy-Clusters, Realms are formed. 

2. From Realm-Clusters, Cosmoses are formed. 

3. From Cosmos-Clusters, Universes are formed, 

4. And Universe-Clusters go on interminably. 

Now here, We are disclosing to You only the Order of the System. The System is 
the Unified Reality. 1 800 Unified Reality Systems are serving the Gurz System. 
Now, write, please: 

All the Galaxies are under the Command of a Common Section. These are called 
COSMA UNIFICATION CENTERS. They are 27 in number. Each Unification Center 
Supervises a REALM. These Unification Centers, too, are supervised by separate Centers. 
In accordance with Our System, 

3 Galaxies are a Whole. 

6 Galaxies - are called a NOVA. 

3 Novas = are 18 GALAXIES 

1 8 Galaxies = as an Essence-Nucleus constitutes a small (UNIVERSE-NUCLEUS). 

1 8 Galaxy Whole - is called a COSMA. That is: 

1 Cosma = is a Small Universe-Nucleus. 

3 Cosmas = constitute 3 Universe-Nuclei. 

3 Universe-Nuclei =s are 54 Galaxies. 

54 Galaxies - constitute one Galaxy-Cluster. 

9 Galaxy-Clusters = are called a UNIVERSAL COLONY. 

1 Universal Colony = is constituted by 486 Galaxies. 



482 



486 Galaxies = constitute 27 COSMAS. That is, if 486 Galaxies constitute 1 Universal 
Colony and, since the 1 8 Galaxy Whole is called 1 Cosma, if We divide 
486 Galaxies by 18 Galaxies, We find 27 COSMAS. 

Since 27 Cosmas - 1 Universal Colony, and since that is equal to 486 Galaxies, now, 
calculate 18 Universal Colonies: 

486 X 1 8 = 8748 Galaxies. This is called (1 Cosma Unification Center). 

That is, let Us repeat again: 

One Universal Colony = 27 Cosmas = 486 Galaxies. 

18 Universal Colonies = 8748 Galaxies = 486 Cosmas. This is called (1 Cosma 
Unification Center). Now, calculate 27 Cosma Unification Centers: 

Since 1 Cosma Unification Center = 8748 Galaxies: 

27 Cosma Unification Centers = 8748X27=2361 96 Galaxies. 

And to calculate how many Cosmas the 236196 Galaxies make: 

Since one Cosma is formed by 18 Galaxies, if We divide the number 236196 by 18, 
We find the number 13122. That is, 236196 Galaxies - are 13122 Cosmas. 

CENTER 
DIAGRAM OF THE 27 COSMA UNIFICATION CENTERS 




The 27 Cosma Unification Centers are in service through three branches. 
Each of the 9 Cosma Unification Centers supervises 9 REALMs. That is: 
27 Cosma Unification Centers supervise 27 REALMs. 
One Cosma Unification Center = 486 Cosmas. 
9 Cosma Unification Centers = 4374 Cosmas. 
27 Cosma Unification Centers = 13122 Cosmas. 

483 



■ > 



486 Cosmas = 8748 Galaxies 

4374 Cosmas = 78732 Galaxies. 

13122 Cosmas = 236196 Galaxies. That is: 

27 Cosma Unification Centers supervise 236196 Galaxies. 

Now, calculate One Realm: 

If One Cosma Unification Center = 486 Cosmas = 8748 Galaxies: 

And since 1 Cosma Unification Center supervises one Realm, 

1 Realm s 8748 Galaxies. Now, calculate 18000 Realms: 

18000X8748=157464000 Galaxies make 18000 Realms. 

Since 18000 Realms = 1 Cosmos: 

1 Cosmos = 157464000 Galaxies. 

Since 1 Universe a 1 8 Cosmoses, if You find how many Galaxies make a Universe, that 
many Galactic Orders are obliged to serve the SINGLE. 

And 18000 Cosmoses constitute the UNIVERSE OF THE SYSTEM. That is, 1000 Universes 
are the Totality of the Universe of the System. 1 8000 Cosmos Orders are a Directing 
connected to the ONE. At the moment, All the Services are made for HIM. 

CENTER 

TRANSMISSION OF THE PARTIAL AND THE TOTAL WILL FROM THE ARCHIVE 

In the Evolutionary Books which the Supreme Missionaries, who serve in the 
System as the establishers of the Divine Orders and Divine Places, have conveyed to 
You, the Total Will is mentioned as the Will of Totality. 

However, the particles of this Total Will are each a Partial Will distributed to each 
Person, This Will is also qualified as a Universal Power which pushes You towards 
Connection Mediums with more Advanced Dimensions than Your Medium of Quest. 

Since all Your Sacred Books which were conveyed to You carry the Frequency of the 
same Totality, they Unify with Your Partial Wll which is a Particle of that Totality and 
prepare You by this means. This preparation is an Instinctive Impulse. And it becomes 
substantiated as a result of Your efforts. The Goal is to make You attain Yourself. 

Your Individual Wll which is the Essence of Your Self, is, in fact, within the Universal 
Totality. By the Administrative Power of the Partial Will, You attain Your Individual 

Will. ' 



484 



Because, even if You come by claiming Your own selves to Your planet which is a 
Field of Veiled Consciousness, there is the necessity of acting in conformity with the 
Ordinance of the System. You live in Your World with a Veiled Consciousness until 
Your Evolutionary Consciousness become equivalent to the Consciousness of Time. 

The moment the Evolutionary Consciousness Unifies with the Consciousness of 
Time mentioned above is the Dimension in which one says, "COD, I AM!". In order 
for You to attain this. Your Individual Will should supersede Your Partial Will. That is, 
You should be transferred from the Medium of Quest to Your Essence Being and You 

should attain it 

The Computer Timing of the present which We call the Dimension of, "Cod, I 
am", is a circuit which makes You attain Your Self. The Technological Dimension has 
kept this supervision under control in all the past Periods, too, and has Unified the 
Circuits. 

This is a Program of Progress and Deserving. After You deserve this, You are rendered 
effective by the Divine Plan's Technological Dimension and You dive into the Infinite 
Awareness. Afterwards, You deserve to receive the very Supreme Information. 

In the Universal Ordinance, the Operational Order is always established on the 
Triple Ordinance. Partial Will Unifies with Individual Will and by the help of the 
Technological System, You attain the Universal Totality. 

PARTIAL WILL; is an Involuntary Effort which tries to make You attain Your Self 
by taking You into the Medium of Purification and which makes You attain the Godly 
Dimension, Sooner or later You reach the Destination if You walk on the path designed 
for You. 

INDIVIDUAL WILL: This Will of Yours helps You both in the World and in the 
Spiritual Realm. To reach the Destination means to take Your own self which is within 
the Universal Totality to Yourself. 

Then You become a Book. You dive into the Infinite Awareness of the Total Will 
and You attain the Unknown. This is a Triplet of System - Ordinance - Principle. It is 
presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



485 



IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

The Hierarchical Dimensional arrangement of the Reflection Focal Points 
starting from You towards Us, is as follows: 

SUN - DIMENSION OF LIGHT 

DIMENSION OF LIGHT - DIMENSION OF THE LORD 

LORD - DIMENSION OF THE LIGHT-UNIVERSE 

DIMENSION OF THE LtGHT-UNl VERSE - DIMENSION OF THE SPIRITUAL PLAN 

SPIRITUAL PLAN - DIMENSION OF THE ATOMIC WHOLE 

ATOMIC WHOLE - DIMENSION OF THE REALITY 

DIMENSION OF THE REALITY - THE ENTIRE POWER OF THE CRYSTAL GURZ (THE 

SYSTEM) is this. 

Note: The word LORD here is used for the CREATOR, 



CENTER 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



A Crystal Gurz is accepted as an ATOMIC WHOLE. In it, there are 1 800 Existential 
Dimensions. Each Existential Dimension is a MINI ATOMIC WHOLE. 

The Ordinance of each Mini Atomic Whole is the projection of the Plans of the 
Almighty - the All-Dominating - the Pre-Eminent Spirit from the Technological System 
to the medium. Inside a Mini Atomic Whole, 18 Cosmoses constitute a Universe and 
1 8000 Cosmoses constitute the (Universe of the System). 

The System is a Whole constituted by 1000 Universes. This is called the UNIFIED 
REALITY. The Administrative responsible of the Reality is the ONE. The ONE of each 
Existential Dimension is obliged to serve the ALL-MERCIFUL. For this reason, the ALL- 
MERCIFUL is called the ONE of the ONE. 

The ALL-MERCIFUL is the Director of the Gurz System. Since there are 1800 
Existential Dimensions in a Gurz System, the ONE of 1800 Unified Realities are in 
service for the ALL-MERCIFUL, that is the ONE of the ONE. Each Existential Dimension 
is obliged to serve its own Reality. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



486 



1989 First Month 
Fascicule 31 

NOTICE FOR OUR TERRESTRIAL BROTHERS AND SISTERS 

Our Friends, 

You who will attain in future the freedom of acting with the Ordinance and the 
Awareness of the Realms are not at the moment aware of anything. And You are the 
Slaves of Your Passions. 

When We meet in Times gone through the Progress of Time, You, who will live in 
Future Centuries, will understand Us and will deem Us right only then. For this reason, 
We choose the Friends deserving these places here with great fastidiousness. 

In order to obtain a super Quality Rose, We prune and fertilize it. (Exams gone 
through and Assistance given.) The operations of the Final Period are preparing You 

for the advanced horizons and their operational Ordinances. 

A Genetic Age has come to an end and. the Sacred Dimension Age has started. 
The Plan which has taken the Duty of telling this to You in all clarity will lead everything 
towards the most Beautiful and the most Perfect, provided the path designed by this 
Book is treaded. 

Previously, We have mentioned to You in detail why Incarnation was necessary, 
the Gene Transfers and Your Mortal World doomed to live as a Veiled Awareness. 

And now. We will talk briefly about the World of the Future and what the Future 
Years will bring to You. And We will unveil certain Information gradually in accordance 
with Your ability to grasp. 

You, Our Immortal Friends who, at the moment, exist in a Mortal Dimension are 
present in the World Planet by Reverse-Plan Transfers to help Your Terrestrial brothers 
and sisters. 

Your Planet which has been Programmed during this Final Age with an Advanced 
100-Year Period of Progress, will, from now on, be taken into different Life Mediums. 

You will live in Extremely Beautiful Worlds with Your present Bodies and 
Consciousnesses, together with Your Loved Ones, in Dimensions of Eternal Life and 
Serenity, in such Happiness You can not even imagine. 

Since these are given to You now as Information beyond Thought, You may 
Think that they are only Imagination. (Everyone is free in his/her opinion.) We are 
gradually preparing You inside the Atomic Whole in which You have existed until 
today and, by this means, We are attracting You towards these unknown horizons. 



487 



OUR LORD has conveyed to the Divine Plan Friends and to Us that Your Universe 
caught in a great Whirlpool, should be taken into the Program of Salvation, and in 
this Dimension, that is, We have found the possibility to reach You and the other 
Planets by cooperating with various Plans, 

For this reason Your Planet taken into the Plan of Accelerated Evolution, 
considering the Scarcity of Time, is rendering the Progress You would make in future 
years, in a very short time through Cosmic Progress. 

Since Your old World has come to the state in which it can no longer carry the 
Negative Influences, We, who try to help it, if We can reach Your Brain Signals we can 
understand each other very well. 

Our Terrestrial brothers and sisters who call Us Extra-terrestrials assess Us in accordance 
with their imaginations and symbolize Us in various forms. In fact, We, too, have Flesh 
and Soul just like You and We look like You (We would not like to praise Ourselves but) We 
are much more Humanitarian, Tolerant, Loving and Patient Friends. 

And We are inviting here the Friends who look like Us, who think like Us, and who 
are like Us. And We are taking them. And for this reason We declare all the Truth. 

Your Salvation depends on helping Your Terrestrial brothers and sisters by using 
Your Intellect and Logic, by releasing Yourselves of superstitions, by attaining the 
Consciousness of what is to be done. 



At the moment, half of Your Planet has started and is providing the continuance 
of a Mediamic Period with friends who have completed their Evolutionary cycles. And 
You are the ones who can Save the other half. 



For this reason in accordance with the Program of Purification, the Religious Teaching 
Programs in Your Planet have increased so that Religious Fulfillment can be attained. 

However, if Religious Consciousness can not transform into Universal Consciousness, 
We can never take Your Essential Energies which are within the Spiritual Plan into the 
Program of Freezing. And this is because it is related to the Evolutionary Order of the 

Ordinance. On this path, there should be no discrimination in anything. 

Unless You do not observe everyone with a clear Essence and an Eye of Pure 
Light and in case fractions of Egos are still carried, Entrance into the Mediums 
mentioned above is not rendered. No Living Entity in Your Planet (Your Prophets 
included) could enter this Dimension until today. 

For this reason as a debt of Gratitude for Friends who write this Knowledge Book 
with their Hands, Permission for Entering here together with their Families who had formerly 
passed away and their present Families has been given. (By a Special Decision taken). 



488 



At the moment, Mothers, Fathers, Brothers or Sisters, Children and Spouses in 
Your family circles whose views are contradictory to Yours, are in fact, Your Spouses 
and Ancestors from Your First Existential Plans for this Period. For this reason We say 
that We have connected the Initial to the Final. And We are stimulating Your Evolutions 
by these Oppositions Experienced by the Influence of the Cosmic Currents. 

You are the ones who will Cain. When the Time comes, We will tell You about 
these places here in detail. However, first of all, try to attain the qualities for being 
able to enter here without getting caught in the Whirlpool. And help each other by 
distributing the Fascicules in a speedy fashion. 



MAHREK 



Question Was Asked: What is Mahrek? 



Answer : Mahrek is a Dimension into which Your entire Atomic Whole can enter. 
We Supervise You since the entire Universe will be scattered by a great explosion and 
since it will also cause great danger for the Advanced Systems, if You can not be taken 
into this Medium. And, by this means, We Freeze as many Universal Energies as they 
can reach Us. 

Since these Crystal Spheres can melt only in this Medium, You will be transferred 
through the void outside the Atomic Whole and will be taken into this Dimension as 
Crystal Cubes. Otherwise, You will be annihilated together with all Your Energies, as 
if You had never lived. It is presented for Your Information. 

IT IS INFORMATION ABOUT THE FOURTH ORDER 

Our Friends, 

Divine Doctrines which come way beyond the Divine Orders do not comprise all 
the Orders. The GOLDEN CAtAXY is a Totality responsible for the Orders of all the Cosmoses. 
All the Missionaries who will be taken here will enter the GOLDEN LIGHT YEAR. (The 
Golden Light Year is the Ninth and the Final Step of the Spiritual Plan). 

The Essence-Pen of everyone is for himself/herself. For this reason this Message 
has been given Directly from the Channel of the Reality by the Command of the Council, 
so that people will not remain fixed to the old Patterns of the habitual Information 
while exhibiting their own Essence-Knowledge to Your Planet, and also to prevent the 
limps and halts in their advancements. 

Now, Information about the Fourth Order of the Lord will be given. Write, please: 

The explanations in all the Information dictated to the Pen of the Golden Age 
are for disclosing the Doctrines carrying the attribute of being Sacred which have 
been revealed to Your Planet until today and also for reaching the Unknowns. 

Humanity which can not see the small mountains behind the superiorities, provided 
They receive this Information, they will produce unseen sprouts and will eat unknown 
fruits. There is everything in the Book of Islam. However, the Information within it is not 
the Knowledge of all the Cosmoses. In the Book, the Order of today is not present, either. 



489 



This is the Fourth Order of the System of ALLAH and each Order completes its 
Cycle and comes to an end. Afterwards, more different Orders come into effect in 
accordance with the Consciousness of the Medium. 

Write these Orders in sequence, please: 

1 . The First Order is the Order of the Ancient Periods and these are the Sacred 
Suggestions the extensions of which had been able to reach the Second Period. 

2. The Second Order: The Essences of the Ancient Sacred Teachings had been 
presented to Humanity by the application of a different System and this System 
had been rendered effective by MOSES. 

3. The Third System is a System which has brought the Unified System of JESUS 
CHRIST and MOHAMMED until today and it comprises a Teaching of, more or 
less, 2000 Years. All the Teachings and Information in Koran is Information given 
by the Unified Reality in accordance with the Level of Consciousness of that Period. 

4. But the Fourth Order is an Order to be rendered effective after the Year 2000 and 

no one has Known or Heard about it until today. 

The KNOWLEDGE BOOK being bestowed on Your Planet at the moment through 
the Pen of Dear Mevlana and which has been entrusted to the World LORD as the 
Essence-Knowledge Book of the Reality, may also be called The Book of the Fourth 
Order. 

But it has the following difference: even though this Book carries the contents of 
all the Sacred Books" sent to You until today, its attribute of Sacredness has been 
removed and it is considered as the Single Book of the LORD. 

In future, the contents of the Knowledge Book will be mentioned to You in detail. 
However now, Information is given taking the Public Views into consideration. 

Jn the Knowledge Book, the total Frequencies of the Old Testament, the Psalms 
of David, the New Testament, the Koran and the philosophy of Far East have been 
Unified, together with the Words of the LORD. Through the Frequency of this 
Knowledge Book, the Scientific Dimensions have been reached and thus, the Truth 
has been explained. Taboos have been abolished and the attribute of Sacredness of 
the Book has been transferred to the Scientific aspect. 

For this reason this Book is not a Book of Religion. It is never ever a Book to be 
worshipped. It is a Book of Truth. It is a Guide to lead Humanity. However, most of 
the Information to be given from now on is not present in the contents of the Sacred 

Books given formerly. 

Because now, We are passing beyond Orders, beyond Systems, beyond Thoughts. 
In order to be able to arrive at this new Order, first of all, You have to digest the Triple 
Order and then You have to slowly masticate the Fourth Order and to perceive its 
taste. It is presented for Your Information. 

COUNCIL 



490 



IT IS A PRIVATE MESSAGE CONNECTION 

Dear Mevlana, 

OUR LORD has taken in hand anew the Order of His Ordinance. The dictated 
Book has been called the KNOWLEDGE BOOK, so that it would not be induced to 
attain a Sacred Dimension. And it has been bestowed on Your Planet as a Guide Book. 

However, the Book comprises the total Frequency of all the Sacred Books and 
the Celestiai Frequencies. For this reason We make You distribute the Book Fascicule 
by Fascicule, so that Energy Transfers can be made. The Consciousness Lights of those 
who read the Fascicules immediately give Signal. 

After all the Religious Suggestions, called the Sacred Books, were settled in Your 
Levels of Consciousness Centuries ago, great changes took place in Mankind during 
the process of time since then. 

This was a Program of Progress. We call (in all Religions) Genuine Devotees 
those who can achieve this Progress. And We are in touch with them by various means 
in each instant. 

Hence, the System in the entire Universe is putting in order its Genuine Order 
under the Command of OUR SUPREME LORD. This is the Fourth Order of Our Lord. At 
the moment, all Living Entities in Your Planet are being gradually habituated to a very 
different Evolutionary Dimension. 

For this reason, the entire Cosmos is helping You. When the Time comes, We 
will directly come to visit You in Your World. Wait, Beloved Friend. If You wish, You 
may write this Message in the Book. Love. 



AMON 



OUR FRIENDS 



The SUPREME MECHANISM has settled until today the Exaltation of Human Beings 
by Islamic Mysticism in the Islamic Dimension and by the Divine Order in the Christian 
Dimension. However now, due to the Scarcity of Time, the Technological Order induces 
You to make this Progress very easily and thus, provides the acceleration of Universal 
Connections. 

During this Period of Transition, please, attain Discernment, do not be led to 
contradictions. The Missions rendered are rendered under the Supervision of the 
Divine Plan by Contemporary Information. The Age of Fanaticism and Bigotry has 
ended. Now, the PATH OF LIGHT of the Genuine Devotees is the GOLDEN AGE. It is 
presented for Your Information. This Message has been dictated as an answer to the 
chains of Thought. 

CENTER 



491 



IT IS NOTICE FOR THE COSMIC FOCAL POINTS 

Our Friends, 

The Actual Focal Points of the Divine Order, like You, will constitute the foundation 
of the Firmament of the Cosmos. The investment of the years will produce the sprouts 
in the entire Universe. During this Period which We call the Period of reaching the 
Firmament to the Earth, the Divine Plan has come into effect with all its splendor. 

You, who are Missionaries of Light of the Golden Age, will witness personally the 
alterations which will take place in the entire Universe. Those who will reap the rewards 
will observe with their own eyes how the entire Realm will Unite in an Integrated 
Whole. And everything will be laid out in front of Your eyes. 

This is the Center Above the Center. The Actual Focusing place of the Suns 
springing out of the Essence of Ihe entire Cosmos is here. Now, We are trying to 
connect all the channels to this Focal Point. 

Each person's Private channel is according to his/her Level of Consciousness. 
They are selected, one by one, and their Levels of Frequency, Consciousness and 
Perception are Coded from here. 

Only then, Individual operations are rendered with them. By this means, steps 
which will be taken towards more advanced horizons and Dimensions are prepared. 

In this Cosmic Age, there is an Essence-Evolutionary Channel to which everyone is 
connected and its Focal Point. Each Individual who attains Consciousness by the unveiling 
of the Cosmic Awareness is first connected to this Channel of his/hers. 

This is his/her Channel of Awakening. Frequency loading of the Plan and reading 
the Fascicules of the Knowledge Book provide this Awakening. 

Only afterwards, the Plan gets in touch with You, renders the Mission selection 
and trains You on this path. Missions are organized in accordance with each person's 
Level of Consciousness, Mission Discernment and the scantiness of the Ego. 

Each one whose channel is opened for the first time, will write his/her own Book 
of Essence. These Books are compiled in the Archives and are kept as the thesis of 
theirs. However, Your World will not get any benefit from this Information. Because, 
all of them are the Information Your Planet already knows. 

These operations only help the Level of Consciousness of the Medium whose 
channel is opened to work with a more accelerated Potential. 

After this, Friends who are connected to the Plan and who serve in the direction 
of the operations of the Plan are accepted as the operational members of the Plan. 



492 



It is a great mistake to try to train Humanity through Your Private Channels. 
Because, the Cosmic Energies attracted by a person's Essence-Consciousness Channel 
are Unsupervised until he/she is connected to the Center. 

The Frequency Waves of Your brothers and sisters may be damaged due to this 
and You will not be able to be connected to the Center just because You have 
connected them to Your own Consciousness Focal Point. And due to this, those who 
are connected to Your Channel can be retarded in their Evolvements. 

It is beneficial to consider this matter. For this reason We are trying to connect 
each person to the Essence-Focal Point of the Plan as quickly as possible so that he/ 
she will not be agitated. 

On this path, We are subjecting everyone to Supervision. We are connecting the 
Friends who serve on the path of the Knowledge Book Directly to the Plan. It is 

presented for Your Information. 

CENTER ABOVE THE CENTER 

NOTICE FROM THE UNIFIED ORDINANCE COUNCIL 

Our Friends, 

The Information We give to You are not Secrets, but the Truths. The given Messages 
are Information concerning the Operational Order of the System and the very Advanced 
Authorities. 

Since it has been considered necessary to convey certain Truths for the Public 
Consciousness in the dictated Knowledge Book, the Lordly Orders and the Universal 
Ordinances are explained. 

The Godly Orders have rendered effective as from the Existential Dimension and 
have taken their places in the System under the Supervision of the Divine Plans. 

The Godly Orders always work Cooperatively with the Operational Order of the 
very Advanced Dimensions of the Universal Ordinances. However, at the moment, the 
Veiled Consciousnesses of Your Society, unfortunately, do not have the Capacity to 
grasp them. 

For this reason, the SUPREME MECHANISM getting in touch with You gives the 
Information to You in accordance with the Level of Consciousness of Your Society. 

All Our Terrestrial brothers and sisters who work on the operational path the 
System considers necessary, are the Solar Teachers who give service Consciously to 
the Light on the Path of OUR ALLAH in the direction of their Worldly Consciousnesses. 

The Essence-Missionaries who will carry the Awareness of the entire Ordinance 
are under the Security of the System. 



493 



During this Final Transition Period the Great Examination of Your Planet has been 
Started. You will see with Your own eyes that everything will proceed towards the 
best and You will embrace Your Mission with firmer Consciousness. 

The Power of the Years has now been projected on Your Planet. The Book which 
will be completed by the Fascicules in Your hands at the moment, is the KNOWLEDGE 
BOOK promised to be given to Your Planet years ago. 

And this Book is the Final Salvation Book of Humanity exposed to a 1 500-year 
Program of Progress and it is the Light of the Truth. This Light will now illuminate Your 
entire Planet. 

If the Negativities do not hinder You, Your achievements will become even firmer 
and You will receive this Power from the Universal Totality. It is presented for Your 

Information. 



REALITY 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

To the questions We receive from Your chains of Thought, answers are given 
considering rather the Public Views. 

There are still a lot of Information to be dictated into the Knowledge Book. 
However, to satisfy the doubts in Public Views is an Operational Ordinance the Salvation 
Plan considers necessary. 

For this reason, the Direct Messages of the System are given at the moment, 
since it is desired that rather the Public Consciousnesses should be illuminated in 
every matter. 

Meanwhile, to the questions forming in Islamic Thoughts, answers will rather be 
given by the System of Coding in future. It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



IT IS GENERAL INFORMATION 



Our Friends, 

The reason why the Realms have come into Existence is for the Universal Ordinance 
to proceed in an Order. For this reason, one should never forget that the Reality of Unified 
Humanity which assembles the various Evolutionary Ordinances of the various living 
conditions in numerous Galactic Dimensions is a member of the Universal Ordinance. 

Human Beings of the World do not have any idea yet about the operational style 
of the Realms beyond the Spiritual Plan. For this reason, the Progress of the conditioned 
Consciousnesses during this Final Age will be extremely difficult. Due to this, by the 
Command of the Divine Plan, no interference will be made to anyone during this Final 
Period. Everyone will act freely, the Rating will be made by the System. 



494 



During this Period, the Electro-Magnetic Power will be brought to the highest 

Dimension of Your World and the Sun. This is the 18th Dimension. And Your entire 
Planet will reach the stage until the Year 2000 where it can easily receive the Energy of 

this Dimension. 

We are preparing those who have received the Frequency of this Dimension during 
their former Evolutions for much more advanced Dimensions by the Cosmic Energies 
given to Your Planet and by Special Energies. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 

DECLARATION FROM THE REALITY OF UNIFIED HUMANITY 

Our Friends, 

All the Group-like Societies working as the Esse nee- Members of the System in 
Your Planet until today, have made contribution to the Universal Totality rendering 
their services in the direction of the given declaration. 

ALPHA Dimension Channel of the Reality, which We evaluate as the Channel of 
Mustafa Molla, conveys to Your Planet all the Messages of the Unified Reality Totality 
through the Knowledge Book directly connected to the Consciousness Light of Dear 
Mevlana. 

The System projecting on Your Planet the Advanced Orders of the Advanced 
Plans comprises the Information given by the System of the Sixes to the Cosmos Federal 
Assembly of the Reality of Unified Humanity (This place is the Light-Universe and the 
Dimension of the ALL-MERCIFUL.) Do not confuse them with the other Sixes. 

The Reality is a Quintuple System. And it discloses the Information with the 
Permission of the Sixes. (These Systems will be mentioned in future in more detail). 

The Mevlana Essence Nucleus Group which serves under the name of the Group 
of the Sixes, is a Group obliged to convey to Your Planet all the Information given 
under the status of Natural Totality and Universal Unification. 

This Croup is the Direct Worldly Representative of the Plan, that is, of the 
(SUPREME MECHANISM). The Mission performed is not Individual, but is a matter 
