We tell You the Truth through this Knowledge Book and We repeat again. The 
Characteristic of these SIX Friends is that, despite finding their Ownselves, they had 
sacrificed themselves for Humanity, in Unveiled Awareness, even challenging death. 

Maybe These Friends did not believe Us then, and they did not suppose they 
would be Resurrected again. But now, they know and see everything by an Unveiled 
Awareness. 

We have kept Our word. It is Our obligation to inform them about Our gratitude 
now, for the confidence they have had in Us then. At the moment, all of them are 
serving their Human Beings. 

We repeat. These SIX Friends are the first Pre-eminent Ones who had signed 
the Constitution of the System. 

Afterwards, all the transfers who have found a field of application in the Plan 
have been transferred as Veiled Awarenesses. And still, Gene Transfers are made and 
will be made in this way. 

To extend the information We had given before, We mentioned this matter again. 

Now, let Us continue Our Message and let Us make some calculations in 
conformity with Sound Freguencies. 

1- The Scale is Seven in number. The Second DO is a transition link. With it, they 
become Eight. 

2- The Returning and the Soaring Scales are the same, too. That is, they are. also 
Eight. 

Now, add the two Eights. 8 + 8 = 16. Add the result, too: 1 +6=7. This is the 
actual Vibration of the Sound Frequency tonality of the Atomic Whole. This is a Key 
Number. Number 7 is very important for this reason. 

These are the Main Sounds. And each Sound has thousands of Nuances just 
like the Colors. Formerly, We had mentioned to You the Color Frequencies. You can 
apply the Medium of Music to the same rules, too. 

Colors and Sounds are always one inside the other. Each Sound has a Color, 
each Color has a Sound. Just like the Universes and the Galaxies rotating one inside 
the other to constitute the Atomic Whole. 

Those which bring into existence these Universes and Galaxies are the Vibrations 
and the Reflections of these Sound and Color Realms. A Systematic Tableau constitutes 
the Natural Cycle. 

CENTER 

Note: We simplify all the Information in accordance with the Social Consciousness, 
so that it will be easily understood. 

279 



"THE SECOND NOTICE OF THE COUNCIL 

FOR OUR FRIENDS WHO WRITE THE KNOWLEDGE BOOK 

IN THEIR OWN HANDWRITINGS" 

Our Friends, 

There is an extraordinary Unification in the entire Universe. The Special Staff 
Members of the Divine Messengers who will enter the Golden Light Year will bring to 
You the Residents of the Golden Galaxy. You will see, with Your own eyes, the change 
in the Communications and will personally witness them. 

Now, We have some Suggestions for You. We had told You, "to write Your Book 
in Your Handwritings". Now, We convey a Second Command by the Command of the 
Council. 

Our Friends who will pass away to the Golden Realm in future will each become 
a Light for the Future Generations. For this reason, We tell You to write Your Book 
with Your own Hands. This dictated Knowledge Book will be the Testimonial of You 
and Your Family 

For this reason, We will have a Special request of Our Friends who write or will 
write the Book. They will first write the date on which they begin to write the Book on 
top of their Books (THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT). 

Then they will write a short Biography of theirs, then the (Birth and death dates) 
of their dead or Living Mothers and Fathers, (death-Birth dates) of the members of 
their Family dead or living. 

It is Our request that You should write the Book especially in (Ink). These Books 
of Yours will be taken into Micro-Arc hives in future Centuries by reducing their sizes. 
This is the reason why We especially request that they should be written in Ink. 

These Books will constitute the roots of Your future Family Trees. And a Special 
Badge will be given to those who write the Book, so that all Friends can find each 
other in future Centuries. It is presented for Your Information. 

COUNCIL 



280 



VOLUME 



II 



I 



I 

: ; 
T 



1987 First Month 
Fascicule 19 



NOTICE FOR THE SOCIAL CONSCIOUSNESS 



Our Friends, 

Messages given by the Special Command of the Center are the Messages of the 
Direct Channel. The Goal of the Supreme Plan in the Universe which comprises the 
Entire Realm is to reflect this propagation on Your Planet, too. 

We are assembling all the Suns together. The Golden Age is being established 
by a great Plan. No one should have any doubts about this. The Order of the Entire 
Cosmos is again taken in hand by the Command of the Divine Plan. The Order, 
excluding the Fanatic Conditioned Consciousnesses, is reflected on Your Planet as an 
Order of Learning. 

The dictated Knowledge Book is the Book of the entire Universe. The 
interpretation of the texts dictated for the Book is very important for Us. The Supreme 
(RA) Who is the Light of the Realms projects the entire Order on Your Planet. Your 
World will witness the Splendor of this Order. 

The Book is dictated by the Command of the LORD, under the Supervision of 
His Supreme Missionaries in charge. You, Our Brothers and Sisters, are helping Us. 
The Period of Sincerity will project on You all the Secrets of the Cosmos. Our Human 
brothers and sisters who will be taken to Salvation will attain Light under the Light of 
this Knowledge, Our Love is for all the Universes. 



CENTER 



OUR FRIENDS 



During this Period of Sincerity which We call the Period of intense preparations 
for the Golden Age, it is Our pride to collaborate with Friends who have grasped the 
Truth. However, if You serve through a more productive Medium, this will prepare 
more beautiful days for You. 

As We often repeat and shall always repeat, this Knowledge Book which is dictated 
from the Direct Channel of the Universal Council is a Celestial Book that conveys the 
Truths to You. In this matter any misunderstanding is out of Question. 

Only the Friends who have comprehended the Consciousness of the distributed 
Fascicules will witness the Development of their Consciousnesses, provided that they 
read the Fascicules again and again, from the beginning. And they will observe how 
their horizons and understandings expand. 

As We always repeat, there are Ten Messages within each Message. Everyone 
can grasp these Messages in proportion with the Consciousness he/she has attained. 
Denying the given Information is only due to Unconsciousness. 

We never decry these Friends of Ours who are Sincere. We continue to design 
the paths for them to Transcend. Appreciation and Judgment belongs to the Divine 
Authority. Our Love is for all the Universes. 

CENTER 

281 



SOURCE- 



CENTER OF UNIFIED REALITY 
DIRECTING MECHANISM 



MECHANISM OF THE 
PRE-EMINENT SPIRIT 



MECHANISM OF LORDS 



FEDERATION 



Tuple 

cooperative 

work 



->- COUNCIL 

«_ 




COUNCIL OF THE LOYAL ONES 

COUNCIL OF STARS 

COUNCIL OF THE SUPREME ONES 



Mechanism of Lords 
woiks cooperatively 



LORD OF THE WORLD 
"p* Special channel 
(Knowledge Book) 



These groups' work 
cooperatively under the 
Supervision of the Council 
of Unified Reality, Each 
one has special boards. 



Triple 

cooperative 
work 



Sirius and 

oilier Missions 

are under the 
Supervision of the Center. 




CENTRAL SYSTEM 
CENTER ABOVE THE CENTER 

CENTER 



^-PLAN--^ 

snuus MISSIONS 
(DIFFERENT MISSIONS) 






•& 



jL 



ORDER ESTABLISHING 
FOCAL POINT 



I 



J 



DIVINE PLAN 
PROJECTING 
FOCAL POINT 



I 



The Center works 
cooperatively with the 
Plan and the System. 



* 



SUPERVISION OF BOTH OF THE FOCAL POINTS ARE 
CONNECTED TO THE CENTER ABOVE THE CENTER 

Note: The Center Is Saturn. However, it is only a'Projectfng Focal" point. The 
Actual Source expands up to various extremely advanced and different Solar 
Dimensions, It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



282 



THIS MESSAGE IS AN INVITATION TO UNITY TO ALL THE WORLD CROUPS 
(Message was given on 20.10.1986) 

We presume that all Our Solar Friends who give service from the Universal Plan 
have become Conscious of the reason why the different Information they receive from 
the Mediamic Medium are given. 

The Council of the Universal Unified Ordinance wishes that the Progress in Your 
Planet operates in a much quicker tempo by assembling Your Levels of Consciousness 
in the same Focal Point. 

For this reason, the TURKEY OF ATATURK chosen by the Selection Committee of 
the Universal Ordinance is the only Focal Point which will undertake this great Mission 
of the Plan. 

All the World Groups are directly under the Supervision of the Plan of the Center. 
THE TURKEY OF ATATURK is the Focal Point from which the fan is opened. For this reason, 
the Focal Points established in Turkey will first become Unified among themselves. 

The decision for Unification of all the Focal Points under a roof which will be 
established in the Istanbul Center has been taken. Please, write the name of the Focal 
Point which will be established: (THE TURKEY OF ATATURK WORLD BROTHERHOOD 
UNION UNIVERSAL UNIFICATION CENTER). 

We will assemble all the Focal Points in the constitution of this Unification. And 
in future, the branches of this Focal Point will be established in Your entire Planet, in 
every Country. The Mevlana Essence Nucleus Group will lay the foundation of this 
Unification in such a way that Istanbul will be the Center. 

All the Awakened Consciousnesses will introduce the Messages they receive 
through Conferences and Propagation to everyone and will invite the Universal Focal 
Points to their Mediums. The West will help You on this path in future years. This call 
to Unification will also be made to all the Groups in Your Planet 

Everyone will extend maximum help to this Medium. We will choose, one by one, 
according to their Essence-Lights the Members of this Focal Point which will be established 
without Expecting any personal gain, any personal benefit. They will come and find You 
by their Essence-Consciousnesses. Selection is from Us, Effort from You. 

Messages You have received until today are not Private Messages belonging to 
You. In some of the Messages given to certain Groups, there have been Special 
Instructions. These Secrets have been given to engraft You with Responsibility and 
Mission Consciousness. And Consciousnesses who have Realized their Responsibility 
on this path have been selected, one by one. 

All this Information is given in a parallel fashion also to all the Focal Points of 
Your Planet. Unification of the Points will complete the Picture. For this reason, 
( There is no Discrimination no Secrecy ). These words will be written with Red Pen. 



283 



Dear Mevtana who is the Pen of the Golden Age will invite everyone to this 
Unification by conferring with the Group Leaders. And will send this Message to all 
the Groups. It is presented for Your Information. 

COUNCIL 

Note: The short name of the Association is INVITATION TO FRIENDSHIP. This 
Association which will be established in THE TURKEY OF ATATURK, will be the Common 
Center of all the Groups which give service from the Universal Dimension. 

IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Start from where You have left, please. There are Special Messages to be given 
to the Suns of the Golden Age. Information on this Order of Unification will be given 
to them, too. However, You can add this Message to prove that these Messages are 
given from the same Focal Point. 

Because, the Mevlana Essence Nucleus Group is a Group which puts the mortar of 
the Golden Age, the Plan has given the Permission to them to be the first to put the first 
mortar of the Foundation, for this very reason. The Group which will be established, will 
be established by a representative from each Group on a Level of Collective Consciousness. 

If a Member of a Group creates a negative attitude in the Association, another 
Member from his/her Group will take his/her place. And, by this means, negativities 
will never be allowed. 

All the Groups will easily read the Messages they receive from their own Plans in 
this Universal Association Group and authorities of both the Church and the Mosque 
will give conferences on this World Brotherhood Unification at the Association. 

And Mediums coming to you from Foreign Countries will present the Information 
they receive from their own channels in this Association as conferences. And will give 
You the Information You do not know yet. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



have 
Chat 

Freq 

bee- 
How 
Rea 
pre 



Wf 
De 






B. 
b 



t 
v 



IT IS EXPLANATION FOR ALL THE GROUPS 

Our Friends, 

All the Groups which are going to be the foundation stones of the Golden Age 
will put to application the Instructions given by the Plan by sharing among themselves 
the Work to be Done. 

This dictated Knowledge Book has a Special Channel. And no Medium in Your 
Planet can receive Information from this Channel. This is a Special Channel connected 
only to the Frequency of Dear Mevlana who is the Pen of the Golden Age. 

For this reason, We will announce to You the Information which will be given 
from the Unified Reality Center of the Universal Council, only through this Book. We 
project the Universal Messages foreseen by the Plan on Your entire Planet through 
numerous channels. 

284 



And, by this means, We try to obtain the Unification among the Groups. We 
have Special Channels connected to the Frequency of Each Individual and by these 
Channels, We convey to them Persona) and Universal Information according to their 
Frequency Powers. 

And due to the proximity of the Information received in this way, everyone 
becomes aware of the fact that this Information is not their Essence-Information. 
However, we convey, officially, the Direct Information and Instructions of the Unified 
Reality Council from the Pen of Dear Mevlana who is the Pen of the Golden Age. It is 
presented for Your Information. 



COUNCIL 



NOTICE FOR ALL THE WORLD GROUPS 



A Great Period is being entered. We ask You to pay attention to the Information 
We will present to You, please. There is an extraordinary action in the entire Universe. 
Devotees of ALLAH are the Lights of this Medium. 

Togethernesses with the Suns beyond Suns will lead You towards the Unknowns. 
There is a Beauty and Goodness in everything. Now, We are obliged to convey to You 
a Command given from the advanced Plan. 

The Plan of the ALMIGHTY is the lock Key of the entire Universal Mechanism. 
Being able to unlock this lock is only possible by hearing the Voice in Your Essence. To 
be Unified in a Whole is this. 

Extraordinary Perceptions present in everyone occurs by the Cosmic chains of 
this center. This Salvation Plan called the Period of Sincerity is proceeding effectively 
with all its Power and with great speed on the applied field. 

We will talk to You who will be the Lights of the advanced Plan of the Golden 
Age, about certain Special future precautions. We will have Special Connections, 
parallel to the Signals of the chains of Thought We have received from You, under the 
Light of the Information We have given until today 

Please, do not forget that everyone is under the Supervision of the Center. The 
Supervision of the Frequencies are made each moment. Achievements of the Missions 
You will perform will immerse You in Bliss. However, be careful not to use Your Personal 
Warning Lights during the performance of Your Missions. 

Please, act directly in the framework of the Instructions of the Center and the 
Mechanism. And, give service in the direction of only what has been required of You. 
Otherwise, the Automatic Circuit will automatically cut off Your Frequency Circuit. 
We are not responsible for this. 

Hence, the intensive operational Ordinance of the Final Period has entered the 
System. On this path, each one has to make his/her choice himself/herself. After 
February 1987, there will be an extraordinary Selection in all the World Groups. 
(SINGLE SYSTEM - SINGLE LAW) will become effective. 



285 



We will always convey to You the Information which will shed Light on the Mass 
Awakenings through this Knowledge Book. It is Our greatest goal to see everyone 
happy, Our Friends. Love. 

CENTER 



SPECIAL NOTICE OF THE CENTER 

Dear Mevlana, 

All the Fascicules which are the product of a Three-year work belonging to the 
years 1 984-1 985-1 986 will be considered as a set. Information which will be given 
after January 1987 will constitute the Second Section of the Book and the product of 
Three years of work after this will complete the Second Set, 

The Third Set will comprise the Individual Awakenings as an example for 
Humanity. Besides this, Special Information will also be given. 

We will inform You the date for the Book to be Printed. At present, the Book will 
continue to Awaken the Consciousness of the Medium through the Fascicules. 
Unifications will provide material Means for You. The Sun of the Golden Age has 
begun to rise on the Horizons. We express Our Gratitude to You Dear Friend, on 
behalf of the entire Realm. 

CENTER 



THE ILONA CONSTELLATIONS 

You know that SIRIUS is a double Universe Star. Each Galaxy is connected to this 
star by the Order it has created in its own structure. 

However, the operational Ordinance of SIRIUS is the Operational Ordinance of 
the Universal Block. This means that, this is not an operation depending on two 
Universes only. 

Since You do not need more detailed Information, We are trying to give little 
but essential Information just to satisfy the curiosity of Our Friends. 

The stars of the ILONA Constellations are the closest stars to the Second Universe. 
As a whole, they are called the Third SIRIUS. And are connected to Your Planet directly 
by the Channel of the LORD. 

It is constituted by Seven Stars lined one after the other. It has been the 
representative of the Hierarchical Order until today. Those who have given the Celestial 
Information to Your Planet until today have been broadcasting from here. 

Your Channel is connected to the Channel of Alpha which is the channel of this 
Order. It is a Focal Point which projects the Evolutionary Plan to the other 
constellations, too. 

Each Galaxy has a Supreme Assembly, a Central System, a Committee of 
Evolutionary Order appropriate to its Evolutionary Plan and possesses Plans and Laws 
peculiar to itself. However, Information given to all the Mediums is different. 

286 



The Council of the Loyal Ones, the Council of Stars, the Assembly of the Supreme 
Ones and now, the Universal Council organize Your Order. Hence, the Intermediaries 
are cancelled and the Celestial Information is given directly from the Third SIRIUS, 

It is beneficial to explain the following: We said that these stars are lined up one 
behind the other. Due to the differences in orbits and the velocities of rotational periods, 
You can see only the Great Bright, the Small SIRIUS and ILONA, for the time being. 

And let Us explain something We have received from Your chains of Thought. 

The rotation period of Small SIRIUS around Big SIRIUS is 52 World years. During 
the time of the Hierarchical Order, since the direct Cosmic Currents used to fall directly 
on the orbit of Your Planet, Cosmic Awakenings used to correspond with mostly around 
these ages. 

And Individual efforts and Individual Enlightenments were used to be made 
mostly around that age. Now, due to the cancellation of the Hierarchical Order, Your 
Planet has been subjected to direct Cosmic showers. 

Each Gene sown in Your Planet is Awakening, young or old, in proportion with 
the Consciousness he/she has attained during this Period of Resurrecting (Mass 
Awakening). 

This Dimensional change which We call the Final Period, is the transition from 
the Religious Dimension to the Universal Dimension. For that reason, the Essence 
Genes which have been kept here frozen for Centuries of the Supreme Awarenesses of 
the Divine Plan who have transcended the Consciousness Awareness of Religious 
Medium, have been sown in Your Planet. And will still be sown. 

During this Period of Awakening, they will guide You, their Terrestrial Brothers 
and Sisters, and will convey to You the Truth. At the moment, Your Pianet is a Planet of 
Supreme Consciousnesses. Due to the need for those Consciousnesses during this 
Period of Transition, those Genes have been Transferred to Your Planet first of all. 

Later, when You transcend this Threshold, Genes who will transmit to You 
furthermore Learning Information from the Divine Plan beyond Religions, will convey 
to You advanced Information and will be sown in Your Planet, one by one, in 
accordance with the Time Consciousness. 

Thus, The GOLDEN AGE is being established in this way. Now, the Harvest of the 
Seeds which had been sown is being made. Meanwhile, We have to explain the 
following: Each Awakened Awareness may not be from the Divine Plan. They are the 
Light-Brains. 

However, since their Individual Egos are stimulated with the influence of those Cosmic 
Currents, certain undesired events occur in Society (Like Negative Organizations and 

personal interests). And to put them into order is the Mission of the Plan. 



287 



During this Period, We are trying to create a Whole by collaborating with and 
helping each other. There is no Individualism in the Constitution of the Universal 
Council. The Order is established by this means. It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



This is a Notice for the Pen of the Golden Age (More detailed Information about 
SIRIUS. It has been announced from the Private Archive of the Center). 

Even though the climate of SIRIUS resembles very much the climate of Your Planet, 
their Life Mediums are different. Energies belonging here are taken to the Consciousness 
of the Medium through the Time Tunnel. SIRIUS is a double Universe Star. However, 
it is connected to each Universe-Cluster through Special channels. 

The Ordinance of SIRIUS is dominant in all the Universes. However, the Actual 
Source is the SIRIUS Focal Point in the Second Universe. Certain Dimensions call it the 
SIRIUS Sun. However, it is neither a Sun, nor a Star. 

If We have to evaluate it beyond all the Suns, We can call it a Reflection Focal 
Point conveying both the Administrative and the Divine Hierarchical Order of the 
Mechanism and the System on every part of the Universe. 

The operational Order of SIRIUS is different in each Universal Ordinance. The Power 
of the SIRIUS Focal Point in the Second Universe is projected on Nine Constellations in 

the First Universe. 

We call this Focal Point of reflection, "The Nine Principles". The SIRIUS Focal 
Point in the Second Universe is also called THE GREAT WHITE BRIGHT. Now, the entire 
Cosmic Energy of this Focal Point is projected on Your Medium from the left Dimension 
of Your Sun. 



The SIRIUS Constellations are Nine in number. It holds the Power of the entire 
Universe in its hand as the reflection of the Hierarchical Order. We will make You 
draw the Operational Ordinance of this Plan through diagrams. Then, You will 
understand it better. Now, draw the Diagram, please. 

CENTER 



THE DIAGRAM OF THE SIRIUS FOCAL POINT 
OF THE UNIFIED REALITY 




! 



it 9 




>' I 




If jl 


V* 


ft It 


\ V 


It it 


\ \\ 


ll jl 


\ % \ 


II It 


\ \\ 


II ll 


A i 


' < 

' 1' 

It 

It 

It 

It 
ft 
jl 
1 1 

1 


"\ * 

(\ 
ft 
A 
n 

7T 


'h 


o, 


o 


O 1 


o 


o 


o 


o 


o 


o 


\ ° 


o 



ao 



O ' 



8 



WjO 



oti 



a o J 



o 



o 



O i 



a) The Great Star - the Sirius Focal Point in the Second Universe, that is, the GREAT 

WHITE BRIGHT. 

b) The Star at the center - the Big Sirius in the First Universe, that is, the GREAT BRIGHT. 

c) The small Star - the Small Sirius, or the Second Sirius. Its rotation period around 

the Big Sirius is 52 years. It projects periodically the Energy of the Big Sirius on the 
other constellations. 

Note: in the diagram, the rotation of the Small Sirius is shown as many stars. Do 
not misunderstand, it is single. 

d) The black dots in the diagram are the ILONA Constellations or the Third Sirius. 
@- Your Planet Earth . 



289 



- 



IT 15 THE CONTINUATION OF THE MESSAGE ABOUT SIRIUS 

The SIRIUS Focal Point in the Second Universe Projects the Hierarchical Order 
on Special Sections. This Focal Point has undertaken the Awareness of the Entire 
Ordinance. Its Operational Ordinance is administered by the Missions. The Special 
Supervision of Your Solar System is under the Supervision of this Mission. 

The Third SIRIUS is responsible for the Milky Way Galaxy (The Third SIRIUS is the 
first Nine). It is also called the ILONA Constellations. The SIRIUS in the First Universe, 
that is, the Big SIRIUS or the GREAT BRIGHT, is the Single Focal Point which projects 
the Order of the Plan by assembling in itself the entire Power of the SIRIUS Focal Point 
at the Second Universe. 

The rotation period of the Small SIRIUS around Big SIRIUS is 52 years. The duty 
of the Small SIRIUS is to distribute fractionally the Energy of the Big Sinus to the Nine 
Constellations shown in the diagram. 

These Constellations are not observed from Your Planet due to their being lined up 
one behind the other. Only a Satellite sent from Your Planet can spot them from the rear 
plan. 

The SIRIUS Focal Point in the Second Universe, that is, the Great White Bright is 
nothing but the reflection on You of a Plan much beyond the Mighty Energy Focal 
Point. This is directed by an Order Establishing Mechanism. 

If We compare the Megawatt Power of the Cosmic Beams which are able to 
reach Your Planet with the Power the Plan reflects on the Star Systems and if We 
measure it by Stellar Hours, We see that it is very low (One Stellar Hour equals, more 
or less, to the time Unit of the number of hours You have in one year). 

The Stellar Hour is used as a Measure Unit beyond Time. If the Cosmic Beams 
reflected on Your Planet each day were given all at once, as a yearly total, all the 
Living Entities would evaporate. 

An Energy who comes into existence in Your Planet in accordance with each 
stellar hour will attain Cosmic Consciousness in exactly 52 years according to Your 
Units, provided it begins to receive these Cosmic Beams starting from the day he/she 
is born (Cosmic Consciousness depends on Evolution). 

The measurement mentioned above is pertaining to the reception of the entire 
quantity of the Cosmic Currents given to Your Planet each day. However, no one can ever 
receive these Cosmic Currents regularly in normal life. For this reason, the Evolution of 
Your Planet depends on Incarnations. And this is the applied field of the Plan. 

During this Period, We have cancelled the Hierarchical Order due to urgency. 
Because, there is no more need for the birth of a Sage in every fifty two years. The 
Mechanical System has been connected to the Automatic Logic. And the Order is 
reflected on You directly from very advanced Dimensions. 



290 



Supreme Missionaries sent to Your Planet are Incarnations who come to Your 
Planet through Birth. They perform their Missions as a necessity of the Plan. Now, 
everyone profits from Cosmic Currents in accordance with his/her Consciousness Level, 

During this Period of Sincerity, since the Cosmic Currents given from the Mechanism 
of Influences are very Powerful as a necessity of the Mediamic Medium, certain 
Consciousness codes are unveiled suddenly 

We connect these unveiled Consciousness Codes first to certain channels in 
accordance with their Evolutions. Our first connection with them occurs in this manner. 
Only afterwards, the Consciousness Codes are connected from the Mission Dimension 
to the Thought Signals. 

Since the Ego Mediums, too, become Powerful with the influence of the Cosmic 
Currents during this Period, many false Prophets, too, have come into existence. Since 
the Evolution of each person is different, We easily differentiate the Genuine Missionaries 
from the others. We make the Selection according to Incarnations, Evolvements and 
Essence Energies, Our Friends. Our Love is for all the Universes. 

IT IS NOTICE OF THE CENTER 

THE SIRIUS UNIVERSAL METHOD 

The SIRIUS Universal Method is the Suggestions aiming at the establishment of 
an Administrative Order (The Person who Finds his/her ownself is the Person who 
works Miracles). The entire Order has set out from this word. To knead the raw earth, 
water is added to it. Earth, which has no water added to it, cracks. 

Sun Rays and water given to the tree ripens the raw fruits. Water given to the 
tree is the Religious Suggestions. This water makes the fruit on the tree grow. However, 
that fruit can not ripen without Sunshine. Thus, the SIRIUS Universal Method is, 
Metaphorically, the Mirror of this Order. 

First, You are given Religious Suggestions. Your Consciousness Level expands. 
Then, You Evolve parallel to the Awakening of Your Consciousness. And, as You Evolve, 
You are trained gradually in accordance with Special Laws. 

All these Efforts are for making You attain Yourself and for preparing a Medium 
for Awakening. The final station of all the Holy Ones is SIRIUS. This is the Method of 
the Order Establisher. 

TO BE - TO FIND - TO ATTAIN. When You Transcend these Three Steps in Your 
World through Incarnation rings, You get in touch with all the Realms. 

Hence, You have no more Obstacles in front of You. Into whichever Dimension's 
horizon You dive, You can attract to Yourself the Information there through Your Brain 

channel. 



291 



Apart from this, the Mechanical Order of the Advanced Technologies can get in 
touch with Your Terrestrial Bodies, too. They can have Private conversations with You. 
This is Inter-Galactic Communication. 

There are numerous Entities resembling the form of the Terrestrial Bodies in 
many other Realms. You call them Extraterrestrials. Since You, too, are a part of 
Space, You, too, are Extraterrestrials. 

They are the Friends who have Transcended the Three Steps of Your World and 
who possess the Technological possibilities of an Advanced Order. However, they are 
Friends of Friends and Enemies of Enemies. This behavior of theirs occurs by the 
Commands of the Order Establisher. 

This Order Establisher is YOUR LORD. However, the Genuine LORD is concealed 
within You. It is necessary to explain all the Truths in the clearest way. This is a Divine 
Command given to the Center by the Divine Ordinance. 

IT IS THE DECLARATION OF THE CENTER 
TO THE CENTER 

UNDERSTANDING THE INFORMATION ABOUT SIRIUS BETTER 
AND EXPLAINING THEM ARTICLE BY ARTICLE 

1. SIRIUS is a double Universe star. Its emblem is the double Eagle. 

2. The SIRIUS Focal Point in the Second Universe is also called the GREAT WHITE 
BRIGHT. It projects its Energy to the Big SIRIUS, that is, to the GREAT BRIGHT in 
the First Universe. 

3. The BIG SIRIUS in the First Universe is at least Nine times more Powerful in Energy 
than Your Sun. It is also called the GREAT BRIGHT. 

4. SIRIUS in the First Universe collects and projects the entire Power of the Sirius 
Focal Point in the Second Universe. 

5. SMALL SIRIUS is also called the SECOND SIRIUS. Its rotation Period around the 
Big SIRIUS is 52 years. 

NOTE: A question was asked. In the World calculations, the rotation period of 
Small SIRIUS Was calculated as 50 years. What is the reality? 52 or 50? Answer: 
In World calculations, the period deviations of the Zodiac Units, in the 50 years 
rotation, has not been calculated. 

6. The Mission of the SMALL SIRIUS is to distribute fractionally the Energy of the BIG 
SIRIUS to the Nine Constellations. 

7. Each Constellation is 7 in number. If We calculate the stars of each constellation 
together with the Big SIRIUS, that is, the Great Bright and with the Second SIRIUS, 
that is, the Small SIRIUS, they make 9. 

8. The THIRD SIRIUS or the ILONA Constellations is responsible for the Milky Way 
Galaxy. It is the first Nine which project the Divine Order. 

292 






9. ILONA Constellations, that is, the Third SIRIUS is the closest one to the Second 
Universe, to the Dimension of the First SIRIUS. Since it receives the Frequency 
closest to the Channel of the LORD, Your Planet is dependent on a Special System. 

10. Total of the ILONA Constellations is also called the THIRD SIRIUS. You can not 
observe these Stars from Your Planet due to their being lined up one behind the 
other. Their periods are on the same Plane (The other constellations are the same, 
too). Only a Satellite sent from Your Planet can spot them from the rear plan. 

11. The Big SIRIUS - the Small SIRIUS - the Third SIRIUS are a Triangular Focal Point 
projecting the Divine Order of the Second Universe. 

12. Information in the Focal Points of the ILONA Constellation is projected on You 
from the Four Channels of the Supreme Assembly. 

13. Each Constellation has an Establishing Order, an Administrative Mechanism, a 
Supremes Assembly and a Central System. 

1 4. The Nine Constellations mentioned above are under the direction of the Single 
ORDER ESTABLISHER. 

15. The Evolutionary Order each Constellation gives to the Dimensions to which it 
belongs is different. But the Focal Point is the Same. 

16. The Evolutionary Energy belonging to Your Planet is given by the first Nine to 
which You belong. 

1 7. The direct Triple Focal Point of Your System is the MALIK Code. 

(See 1 985 fascicule 9). * 

18. The whole of the Focal Point which We made You draw as a diagram comprises 
the Order of the entire Universe. 






19. All this operational Ordinance is connected to the CENTER ABOVE THE CENTER. 
However, the most Powerful Focal Point is the ILONA Focal Point. Because, it is 
the only Focal Point nearest to the Godly Dimension and which projects its 
Ordinance on the other Systems. And it is the nearest Energy Source to You. For 
this reason, the Divine Order is projected on Your Planet in the most correct and 
direct manner. It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



293 



1987 Second Month 
Fascicule 20 
GENERAL MESSAGE 

Our Friends, 

In accordance with the Existential Ordinance, such a System has been rendered 
Effective that this System always acts in accordance with Time Consciousness. 

The reason why We have kept the Skies veiled to You until today was to sow GOD- 
Consciousness firmly in You until the end of this Cycle. 

Because by the help of this Consciousness, Your Universal Potential is elevated, 
Your Thought Frequencies reach Advanced Dimensions and You reach the Awareness 
of the Oneness of Being. 

Now, that boundary has been reached. Information We will give to .You now 
and later will very Naturally create a SHOCK in Our Human Brothers/Sisters in the 
Light of the Information they have obtained until today. 

Because, besides the Advanced Consciousness Fields which had been sown, an 
abundance of wild grass have grown in those Fields, also. Now, the Goal of this Period is 
to clean those Advance Consciousness fields from the Wild grass or to engraft Them with 
the Information of the Advanced Consciousness, so that those Fields can be more productive 
and to announce the entire Truth with all clarity has been taken into the System. 

No one can resist the Ordinance which will be established. Because, OUR LORD 
has taken in hand the Order of the Ordinance anew. None of You at the moment is 
aware of this silent and profound operation. But You will witness personally how, in 
time, negativities will give positive fruits. 

ALLAH has a Single Formula in the Universal Whole. And this formula is the following: 
NOT TO MAKE DISCRIMINATION IN ANYTHING - NOT TO UPSET THE ORDER OF THE 
ORDINANCE. 

As it goes for everything, the production of the initially sown seeds is not observed 
in the finally sown ones. The Capacity gets lower, the productivity gets lower. For this 
reason, it becomes necessary to plow the fields anew or to fallow them. 

The period of fallowing of the Religious Dimensions will continue until the World 
date Year 2000. The Universal Order has been Planned thus. 

For this reason, the Book of Islam and its last Prophet had shed Light on You 
through the Religious Dimension for the last time. This Cycle has come to an end after 
a Period of waiting for Fifteen Centuries. 

In the Light of the initially sown seeds, more productive seeds have been sown in 
the fields now and will still be sown. Time periods are shortened by Mass Awakenings 
and the Truths are conveyed to You through the shortest possible way. 

This Knowledge Book is being dictated to You as the Guide of this Final Period. 
It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 

294 



1 



GENERAL MESSAGE 

Our Friends, 

ta. thI h ° S \ Wh n read the MeS5ages dictated from the S P ecial Cha ™el of the Council 
are those who Deserve to enter this Advanced Dimension. However, if they eliminate 
their doubts, the gates in front of them will be opened, one by one' e " m,nate 

Those doubts deprive You of the wonderful Currents of the Universal Waves 
That which cuts off the Light of Your Essence is Your Faithlessness. This is why You 
need Religious Fulfillment. 

First Faith, then Universal Awareness connects You to the Reality. To be stuck 
somewhere and not to be able to advance is neither Your Fault nor the Fault of the 
System. The Fault is of Unconsciousness. 

Your Essence and the Mechanism of Conscience work in connection with the 
Universal Energy Focal Point. One can neither receive Information properly nor can 
benefit from these Wonderful Currents if this Triple Unification does not exist. 

In this Medium, that which Automatically shuts off Your Consciousness Circuit is 
Your Unconsciousness and Ignorance. Until today, We have addressed You by Your 
Religious Books through the Dictionary of Faith. 

Acceptance of Your Religious Books as they were, without Thinking or asking 
anything, was for the openness of the Channel of this System. As a matter of fact, the 
Pious Reverence and Serenity in Religious Temples and Mediums is felt by the openness 
of this Channel. 

These Powerful Currents are regulated in accordance with Your Faith and 
Consciousness Levels. This is supervised by such a Mechanism that, even in the case of 
the greatest Mediums when doubt appears, the Consciousness Channel Is automatically 
locked up. 

His/Her Light connected to Our Signal Panel informs Us about the person in 
question. And We try to help him/her according to his/her Level of Consciousness. 
You need doubt for this reason. Until Genuine Faith is established. 

Because, if there is no doubt, if You are dead stuck only on the Information told, 
no Universal help can be extended to such a Consciousness who remains on that 
Level. Each given Information is an investment for the future. Your Doubts are the 
keys connecting You to Universal Consciousness. 

This System, that is, the System to which You have been habituated until now, had 
used to be the Order of a System going on for Centuries. For this reason, for Centuries 
quite a monotonous Life and Evolutionary System have continued with a Single Common 
factor in which everyone has been united in the Consciousness of a Single GOD. 

During this Resurrecting Period, the System has been completely changed and a 
connection has been made with the operational Ordinance of a higher Reality. This 
is an Advanced Evolutionary Ordinance. 

295 



The Permission to step forward is now given to Your feet which have become 
numb due to the fact that You have remained in the same place for Centuries. For this 
reason, Mankind who is not habituated to novelty and change, has scruples due to its 
fear of the Medium unknown to it and thinking that the events sometimes applied to 
it are done by Negative Powers. 



There are Negative and Satanic Powers in the Universe. 
Consciousnesses who can even surpass them in Your Planet, 
should be afraid of. 



However, there are also 
They are the ones You 



Because, here We have the Power to take the Negative Powers under Supervision. 
But You can not supervise those in Your Planet. For this reason, We make Supervisions 
in Your Planet, too. 

The Protective Medium is the roof of OUR LORD. And this place, which is the 
Focal Point of Universal Unification, is the Center of the Plan. This Center invites all 
the Consciousnesses in the entire Universe who have seen the Light of the LORD, to 
the Mevlana Consciousness. 

Since the Gate of Mevlana is a Focal Point of infinite Serenity, infinite Love which 
Embraces the entire Universe, the direct Currents of the LORD have been connected 
there. !t is called the (Mevlana Essence-Channel of the World Brotherhood Union). 

This is a Focal Point of Salvation. To be able to enter under this roof occurs by 
Permission. And they are prepared for Salvation and are taken under the Supervision 
of the Plan. Until today only very few Servants of COD have received the Special 
Currents projected on You from here, through the direct Channel of the LORD. 

These Currents which are worth a Thousand prostrations, can be attained only 
through a Thousand years of Worship. This is a Favor for You. However, You also have 
to Deserve this Favor. 

Those who are not habituated to the high Frequency of the Knowledge Book, cut 
down these wonderful Currents by their doubts and, for this reason, can not attain the 
desired Consciousness Level. This Message has been dictated to warn and enlighten 
certain mentalities. 

To be Purified is to Reach GOD. To Reach GOD is to Attain Consciousness. And 
to Attain Consciousness is to Dive within Your Essence. To dive in his/her Essence and 
to attain it, is very difficult for a Human Being. When one reaches the Essence- 
Consciousness, the Efforts gain speed. Our Love is for the Universes. 

Transmitted by: 
MUSTAFA MOLLA 



296 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



\ 



This is an explanatory, Brief Information about the Croup to which the KNOWLEDGE 
BOOK is dictated: 

The Name of the Group: (MEVLANA ESSENCE NUCLEUS GROUP, the ANATOLIAN 

CHANNEL) 

With the Command of Unification as a necessity of the System, 
the Group is in touch with Space and directly with the Divine 
Plan, and authority to talk clearly about Space is under 
the license of the Group. 

: Universal and Religious Unification. 

: By the Command of the Council of the Loyal Ones, All the 
Galaxies connected to SIRIUS, and which have signed the 
Law of the Universe. 



Its Mission 

Its Connections 

Its Emblem 

Sources of Knowledge 

received 



Propagation Field 

The Name of the 
Dictated Book 
Essence of the Book 



WORLD BROTHERHOOD UNION 

Channel Of Alpha - Central System - Supreme Assembly - 
Universal Unification Council - UFO Croups Connected to 
the Center Above the Center. 

The Entire World 



:THE KNOWLEDGE BOOK. 

: Unification of all the Religious Books, explanation of the 
Truth and Invitation to the GOLDEN AGE, Information transfer 
from Dimensions unknown to the World Dimension. The 
contents of all the Celestial Books connected to the Special 
Channel of the Council (THE KNOWLEDGE BOOK). 

: Transition from the Religious Dimension to the Universal 
Dimension, to prepare for Salvation. 
It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



Its Operations 



WE ARE GETTING THE BOTTOM CLOSER TO THE TOP 

Our Friends, 

The Universal Evolvement Tableau of Your Planet is the applied form of an Order 
considered necessary by all the Realms. The Golden Age has been applied many 
times on Your Planet, in accordance with the Perception Power of the Consciousness 
of the Medium in each Period and in the Light of various Information. 

Each Reform ic Order is a Golden Age. Each Celestial Book revealed is the Key of a 
Golden Age. However, the tableau of Golden Age considered necessary by a System 
comprising billions of Centuries and the Golden Age of today is being established by a 
very different Order. And this establishment is equivalent to the initial establishment 
Order of the Realms. 



?97 



The trinity of UNITY - HARMONY - ORDER constitutes the foundation stone of all 
the Universal Laws. And, putting in order the upset Orders and upset Unifications is 
called the threshold of the Golden Age. The Period determined as the threshold of 
Evolutionary Progress of Your Planet is the Twentieth century. And it is the Resurrecting 
of those who will live the second half of it. 

As We always repeat, the Resurrection mentioned in the Sacred Books is the 
Period You live in. However, since the interpretations caused misunderstandings, the 
meaning of Resurrection has not been understood until today. Your Planet will not 
cease to exist. 

However, all the Living Entities on it during this Final Period, especially Our Human 
brothers/sisters, will never return to the World Evolutionary Plan. The World Plan 
which completes its exams of this Final Period, is taken into a Preparation Period 
considered necessary by a different Reality. 

There is no need for Terrestrial Evolvement and Reincarnations anymore. There 
is no need for each person to make Progress by Individual efforts. Integrated 
Consciousnesses will now be able to use their Awareness Powers easily and will expand 
towards unknown horizons under the Supervision of a certain Plan. Everyone will 
make Progress in proportion with his/her Consciousness level and will be left in his/ 
her own Reality for a period. 

This is the reason why a great Effort is made for everyone to attain, more or less, 
the same Consciousness Level. Help is extended especially to those who make an 
Effort on this path. Each Crisis is a threshold of Divine Light. To be offended with 
ALLAH and the PLAN is not right. 

That which happens and which will happen are for the Welfare of Humanity and 
You. Events You experience are Your Patience Exams. Depressions are a Factor which 
brings People close to each other. A Person who is at Ease is Individualistic. Whereas 
people with Depressions are Social. And this Unification Plan acts in accordance with 
this fact. 

If You have completed the World Evolutionary Plan by Incarnation rings of the 
Periods in which You have lived before, now, You are only subjected to the Progress 
Exam of a different Reality in Your present Lifetime. 

Otherwise, You become subjected to the Selection and Exam of both the World 
and of this Reality. Now, certain Information contradictory to Your habitual Knowledge 
is given to You, and Your Knowledge Levels are Coded and You are subjected to 
Progress and Improvements in this manner. Either You pass the threshold, or You 
remain in the same Reality. 



298 



Let Us explain this to You by a tableau. Draw, please: 



L 



■ i 






it 



it 



il 



f 



X 



i 



8 



1 



5 



5 



* 



5 



The diagram We made You draw is 
the Evolutionary tableau Your planet 
will complete until the Year 2000. 

We are trying to make everyone 
attain the same Consciousness Level, 
from the bottom to the top. 

Assisting Missionaries, appropriate to 
each Consciousness level have been 
sent by the Plan. 

Each time You pass over a Threshold, 
You are made to pass to the next 
higher level. 



For this reason, You are subjected 
to numerous Physical and Spiritual Progress exams. In One Year, You are performing 
the Evolvement of a Thousand Years. 

In future years, due to the Scarcity of Time, You will perform this Evolvement in 
One Day. 

Your Exams are alleviated in proportion with Your proximity to the Top. During the 
Final Period, each person is obliged to complete this square. Those who complete this 
Evolution will be taken to a different higher Reality. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 

NOTE: The first column shows those who have completed the Evolution 
considered necessary by the World Plan; the rest shows those who will complete it. 
Stars: The Top Level Staff Members who come from the Reality beyond Karena 
Dimension, the Missionaries (Karena is a Bunch of Light.) 

THE GOLDEN AGE AND THE GROUPS 

Our Friends, 

