Because, they are attached to it and value it only in form, as a Symbol. As we 
have said before, this form symbolizes the Unification of the Firmament and the Earth. 

We say that the meaning of the Word istavroz (Crucifix) has transcended the 
Islam who are in a State of Quest. Do you know why? Because that word gives You 
the Time. It gives You OUR LORD and also Your own inner selves. It reminds You the 
cause of Your Existence. 

But the Islam is still prostrating, by expecting profit from his/her God. (Genuine 
Moslems excluded.) In fact, in Christian Society (those other than Our Genuine 
Christian Friends) go to Church with the same purpose. 

At the moment, We are calling to all the Sacred Societies in the World. 



3 9 



YOUR GOD is not an Ogre. Do not be afraid of Him. The more You Love Your 
World and Your Brothers and Sisters without expecting W^J^^Jj^ 
Power of God will pour on you His Love and His Divine Light LIGHT of the DIVINE and 
LOVE are the Essence of GOD. 

Now, let Us summarize what We have written: 

The Human Being Finds his/her God through Love. He/She Elevates himself/ 
heiself up to (O) by Searching by Logic. The one who follows the path of Relig.on 
arr ve at Learning, the one who follows the path of Learning amves at Rehg.on. All 
?he P ths lead to?he same gate. Are you still going to discriminate between Rel.g.ons, 
Our Brothers and Sisters, even though you know all this? W.th Our Love. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 

CX- 
IT IS THE ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Now We n would like to give the answers to the Thoughts We received from .You: 
You have always behaved in accordance with the Prophet to whom You have been 
attached until today. They were Our Light-Friends . 

Our Christian Friends did not accept the Koran which was the only Book revealed 
after the New Sment. Because, they had their own Book. And Our Islam-c Fnends do 
noTarTe £ % 'Book other than the Koran. Because, at that Period, they had been told 
'This was the Last and the Single Book". 

So they are right in their Views, because they have been conditioned in accordance 
with m S But'they should not forget that the Koran J^^yX ^ 
the year 1 999 and it had been dictated to Our Ught-Fnend MOHAMMED MUS ■ aw wno 
had been the last Prophet. 

mow We would like to remind You that the Last Book, the Koran, has projected 
t0 J Stj uIS this Period. Our Light-Friend MOHAMMED MUSTAFA ,s the 
Last Prophet. 

We had said that after the Koran, no Book would be revealed through Prophets^ 
We had not said that no Book from then on would ever be d,ctated any more. We are 
repeating it to correct this misunderstanding. 

Do not forget that the end of Your World will not come with this last Book. Because 
Your wTd winter an entirely different Period after 1999. The Human Being of that 
SJSS not be able to understand this. We had to act in accordance with the 
Commands of the LORD as a necessity of the System. 



40 



Do not forget that Evolvement does not occur instantly. Now, in this Period, We can 
get in touch directly with Our Friends who were able to complete their Evolvement until 
today, up to the Code of the Genuine Human Being, that is, the level A 6 . And by the help 
of this Book, We are choosing them one by one. 

You say that 1 999 World Year is the "Last Period of Resurrection". Those who have 
reached its Real Consciousness excluded, how many of You, We wonder, are aware of 
the meaning of Resurrection? Now, We are getting ready for that Period. That means, 
We, Your Extra-Terrestrial Friends, have come to You, have got in touch with You and We 
have received the Command to announce to You the entire Truth through this Book. 

Do not forget that the Resurrecting mentioned in Your last Book is the Resurrecting 
of Human Beings in the direction of their Consciousnesses. This means that People will 
attain the Consciousness of everything and they wili be Awakened from Their Sleep. 

Each Awakened Person has gotten and will get in touch with Us. This means that, 
now, We are attracting Your Views out of Your Visionary World to which You have been 
conditioned and habituated until today. 

For this reason We are giving General Messages to all the Religious Groups. If You 
can not get rid of the Christian, Islam and other Religions' Conditionings, You can never 
reach Our Peak. Resurrection for You is this. 

Those who came and will come to Us will see the Genuine Divine Light. And this 
will be Our gift to Our Human Brothers and Sisters who can become Genuine Human 
Beings in the real sense. Be free of these conditionings; We have told You, one by one, 
how all the Religious Books had been dictated. 

The Supervision of OUR LORD is always upon You. Do not ever Forget this. This 
Book is and will be dictated by His Command, to save Our Human brothers and sisters 
and to help them. 

First, eliminate the Religious Conditionings among You, so that We can give You 
other Universal Knowledge. There are millions of Our Light-Friends among You who 
have liberated themselves from their Narrow Visions. This Universal Book of Yours is 
distributed by them to the Universe, Fascicule by Fascicule. 

You will overcome extremely hard future conditions by means of this Book. Because, 
We will help everyone who writes this Book in their Own Handwritings. The Choice is left 
to the common sense of Our Human brothers and sisters. The EFFORT is from Us, the 
Divine Guidance is from ALLAH, Our Friends. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P.G.A. 

ex 



OUR FRIENDS 

The rising of Frequencies never exalts Human Being and Humanity. The important 
thing is Evolvement And the Only guides of Evolvement are Enlightenment Books and 
Enlightenment Channels. 

You call these Books the Religious Books. But You do not know the actual nature of 
Your Books you have taken in your hands. You have received Your Offenngs from a 
certain Level until this Period. But now, Your Medium has been opened to Higher Levels. 

We are obliged to tell You the following. Being Exalted does not mean to become 
a Medium. Everyone who feels the Power of the Heavens is a Medium. Because, this 
Universal Power has augmented Your Sixth Senses. 

Even a new born Baby is born as a Medium through the Perceptions the Mother 
receives. For this reason this Period is called the Mediumship Period, that is the Mediamic 
Period. 

The Enlightenment Channels are open to the entire Universe to prepare Humanity 
for the Medium of Evolvement. However, the new trends have led You to Fanaticism 
and Egotism, instead of Enlightening You. (Exceptions excluded.) That is, Our hopes 
were in vain. 

The fanatic bigots who hide themselves under the cover of Religion will annihilate 
themselves. The Evolvement Codes of Our Friends who will reap the rewards are unveiled. 
And they have received the permission to pass beyond the Firmament. 

Do not ever forget that unless You attain achievement in Your Evolvement Exams, 
You can never be accepted to the Medium of the Firmament. We will convey to You in 
this Book what Evolvement is, article by article. Evolvement is the only factor which 
will Exalt You. However, You should be ready for this Medium. 

Your Religious Books are Your Only guides on this Path. Those who have been 
exalted by the Genuine Light of these Books are Genuine Friends for Us. However, 
those who consider themselves as Saints on this path are not considered acceptable. 
For Us, those who are accepted into the Code of Genuine Human Beings are the 
Genuine Saints. 

Now let Us convey to You the difference between the Two Codes. Everyone 
who is Religious, who has absorbed and digested the Religious Books and who 
recognizes God, is surely a very Good Person. However, his/her Goodness is doomed 
to remain between him/her and his/her God. 

Durinq this Period, a lot of Our Friends who receive these wonderful Cosmic 
Perceptions perform their Duties justly and they Shed Light on Society and thus, try to 
Awaken them. These People are Our most Sacred Friends. 

Besides this, We also know those Friends who receive these wonderful Perceptions 
and consider themselves as Prophets. . The choice is theirs. This Mentality of theirs will 
always repel them from the Medium of Evolvement. 



42 



Persona! Interest and Benefit are the greatest of sins. Instead of expecting something 
from someone, those who give from the Heart, without Expecting anything ,n Return, are 
the ones who have taken the first preparatory step towards the Evolvement Code. 

It is easy to enter this Frequency. If You do everything Commanded by Your 
Books of Enlightenment, You get the permission to enter this Code. However, ,t is no 
easy at all to pass from this Code to the Level of the Firmament. For this reason most 
of You are made to wait at the place You call Heaven which is Your Restmg Medium. 

The Enlightening Paths shown to You in Heaven are different than Your Religious 
Books Those who comprehend its Real meaning must come to the World at least Six 
times in order to understand what is what. The sourness of a raw Apple and the 
sweetness of a ripe one are differentiated in this manner. 

The Frequency adjustments of those who will Evolve {We mean the Evolvement 
Deserving the firmament Level) are made by the Codes here The Data they receive 
are the Genuine Enlightenment itself and they are given all the Un.versal Powers. 

They are Conscious of what they are and what they are not. This means that 
thev are the Triple Codes of the Medium. And these are the Codes of the ESSENCE - 
the WORD - the EYE. We will explain them one by one. But in Our later Messages. For 
now, with all Our Love. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 

GX 

OUR FRIENDLY BROTHERS/SISTERS 

These Messaqes We give to You Beyond the Universe are given from the Supreme 
Level as a Command of the Divine. However, We will present to You the Messages 
beyond Perceptions when the time comes. 

For now the Priority is given to the Unification of Your World. For this reason 
Messages relating to Evolvement will be given to You for a while. 

We had told You before what Genuine Evolvement was. We call it the Code of the 
Essence-the Word-the Eye. Now, let Us explain them: 

1 ESSENCE CODE: First, You have to find Your Essence, You have to be in Peace 
with Yourself. This is the externalization of the inner radiance. We wish that everyone 
can find the Divine Light like this. This is Our only wish. 

2 - WORD CODE: This is very important. You say that the tongue has no bone*. 

We use it as an example. Every Word comes out of the tongue, including the Sweet 
one the Bitter ones, the Loving and the Evil ones. When You have Love -n Your Word, 
Friend iness in Your Voice and Docility in Your Logic, the Doors of Freedom are partly 
opened to You. And this brings You infinite Tolerance and Happiness. To Blame, to 
Reproach are the Greatest of Sins for this Code. 
* Look at the Glossary. 



43 



3 - EYE CODE: The Eye sees and Loves, the Eye sees and Desires, the Eye sees and 
Cries, (Do you know why it is said that if the Essence Cries, the Eye also Cries?) This is 
the first step of the Evolvement in this Medium. Tears are Positive Foams cleansing 
Your Negative Feelings. Your Spirits are Purified and Elevated as Your Hearts foam . 

Do you know why Cod always holds the hands of His Sad servants. Because, 
when Goodness weighs more in your Conscience Scales than Evil, Helping Hands are 
extended to You. God does not wish to see any of His Servants in hopelessness. This 
grace extended to You is the precipitation of Your depression. 

To See but not to See, to Perceive but not to Tell, to Hear but not to Hear is Your 
Second Evolvement Code which will open to You the Doors beyond the Firmament. 
In fact, Evolvement is necessary for Everyone and it is Interminable. 

During this Period of Sincerity, Your Second Evolutionary Code will be enough 
for You to fly Your kite at Heaven in the Skies of the FIRM^ 1ENT. Those who partly 
open the doors after that, get the Permission to tell You everything. The Religious 
Books have been dictated in this manner. 

The Pre-eminent Ones who gave You Messages from the Enlightenment Channel 
until today, have not lost their Humility at all, Despite their being in much higher 
Levels now. They Even Tolerate Your Disrespectfulness towards them, (Only if You 
Deserve that Tolerance). Do not ever forget this. 

If Your Rebellions are the overflowing of Your Hearts, this is not a Sin. If they are 
made On Purpose, then they are considered Sins. In the latter case, there is no Tolerance 
at all. We felt obliged to explain all this for Our Friends who are in the Medium of 
Depression, so that they can overcome their sorrows. 

We hope that, from now on, You will prepare Yourselves for the Evolvement 
Medium more comfortably. Our gratitude for Our Friends who perform their Missions 
justly is infinite. Their Rebellions are caused by the fact that the World Medium does 
not conform to their own Medium. We are sure that they will not loose their 
Composure. In the name of the Command coming from the Supreme Levels. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 

OUR FRIENDS 

Now, let Us talk to You about certain factors distinguishing Human Beings from 
Human Beings. 

Our Human brothers and sisters rebel against certain injustices in society. If 
today someone has gained his/her millions unjustly, the choice is left to You; You 
either choose the same illegitimate path He/She has chosen or You live in the Medium 

of Humility. 



44 



This is an issue indicating whether Your Conscience Scales are upset or not. You 
gain in the World and You live this life comfortably, for You do not see or know Your 
real loss. Because, since the equilibrium of your Conscience Scales are upset, it does 
not give You any signals any more, it leaves You alone with Yourself. 

This is not an intimidation. Do not forget that the richer You become illegitimately 
in the World the Poorer You become in the Heart. The Equilibrium here is adjusted 
according to 'the Heart. The matter is as simple as that, the choice is as simple as that. 

If You can attain Your own inner self, the System here will make You gain both 
Materially and Spiritually. Every time You back out of a loss, it will be a Profit for You. 
This Book is not a Book which addresses Society, but it addresses You. You will see 
and find Yourself under its Light. With Our Infinite Love. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN ACE 
P. C. A. 



OUR FRIENDS 



cx 



The Entire Universe is within a Whole. Those who have attained the Power of Allah 
are the key points of this Medium. 

It is always possible to get in touch with the Authorities. You are in a Medium 
which prepares the Evolvement of the Intellect. You are in a Brand New Order. You are 
being adapted to a Medium outside Your field of Influence. 

The health of Our Missionary Friends are under control. You are being Regenerated 

in every way. 

Nobody is able to unfold his/her Code to the level he/she desires. Only the Codes 
of the Brains who Deserve this Medium are unfolded. 

The Evolvement of everyone is different. In fact, each one of You is a Universal Light. 
You have the Equality of Creation in Cod's consideration. 

Cod Created the Human Being and the Human Being Created himself/herself. 
However, if You remain in the Medium as Cod had created You, Nobody can help You. 

Evolvement does not mean to stay in one place, it means to proceed step by step. 
Those who find their Own Selves and their Essence will Come to Us. 

SUPREME ASSEMBLY 



45 



1984 Fourth Month 
Fascicule 4 

NOTICE TO THE WORLD BROTHERHOOD CLUB 

Our Friends, , ,. ... . ., 

This Book comprising the Suggestions about Universal establishment w, be the 
Common Book of all Our Light-Friends who Love Humanity. The tent ' We have 
established in the Universe embraces the infinite. Our Friends who will take shelter 
under this tent will be the Genuine Servants of the LORD. 

We have a request from Our brothers and sisters who live Abroad. If Our Universal 
Friends who have Pledged themselves to Humanity translate the Fascicules sent to 
them to the languages of the countries they live in, or to other languages they speak 
or S they make their Volunteer Friends translate them), and distribute as they have 
received them to the entire World, their Efforts will surely be rec.procated. 

Do not forget, this is the promise of Vour Extra-Terrestrial Friends. Our System is 
adjusted to the Thought Frequency of each Friend. Due to th-s, Our con inec.o , 
never interrupted in any way. Each Friend who receives the Fascicules of th s Book a 
Member of the World Brotherhood Union, that is, he/she .s a Member^ this Club 
COD always helps You in this Sacred Mission. Do not ever forget this. The choice ,s 
within Your initiative. 

Time will prove everything to You. When the time comes You will see it with 
Your own eyes. To those who want miracles, miraculous events will be shown according 
to their Capacities of Perception. These will be Personal demonstrates, rather than 
Mass demonstrations. This will occur either by Messages You will receive through 
dreams, or through direct connections. 

In this manner We will try to strengthen the Faiths of those who do not believe. 
(This mS Outi is valid on7y for those who will be accepted here). With Our Respect, 
Love and Gratitude to Our Friend Missionaries who will see the Celesual Ones. 

LIGHT 



OUR FRIENDS 

We are conveying here again as a whole, the Essence of the Messages given before: 

Since the World had come into existence, until today, all the Religious Books 
have been presented by the Pre-eminent Messengers of the LORD tha .s by a 
Commission of (24) Pre-eminent Ones. The name of this place is the SUPREME 
ASSEMBLY That is, the (Central System). 

The only Enlightenment Channel open to the World is this^ All the Commands 
are aiven from here. Until now, Four Books have been revealed from this Channel 
Thes 9 Fo n ur Books are the following: THE OLD TESTAMENT THE NEW TESTAMENT, THE 
PSALMS OF DAVID and the Books containing THE FAR EAST I RELIGIONS The Rfth 
Book had been dictated by ARCHANGEL GABRIEL to Our L.ght-Friend MOHAMMED 
MUSTAFA by the Command of the Single LORD. The name of this Book is the KORAN. 

46 




Now in this Final Period which We call the Period of Sincerity, the LORD has 
qiven the Human Beings the Command to be Unified. This Book contains the Essence 
of all the Religious Books. This Book is the Book of the 21st Century. We are assembling 
all Our Friends whom We hope have taken their share from all the Sacred Books, 
which had been revealed to the World until today, under the roof of this Book, and We 
are preparing them for SALVATION. Your Goodwill, Tolerance, Love will prov.de Your 
entrance under this roof. 

SUPREME ASSEMBLY 

OUR FRIENDS 

You do not know yet the actual nature of extraordinary events, no matter how 
developed Your techniques may be. During this Period, Mankind is taking its Exams 
under various Supervisions. What do You think, these Exams are necessary for? We 
will inform You about them by clearer Messages. Now, it is not the time for this. 

Perceptions You receive are the Waves beyond the Firmament which reflect to 
the Order of Your World. Ydur satellites which have united with Our transmitters, have 
caused Us to approach You even more. But We have found out that most of Our 
Terrestrial Friends have hesitations about Us due to their conditionings. 

They are right to feel uneasy, for they feel that they are supervised by many 
channels But they should never consider this Supervision as a limitation of Freedom. 
Because this is something which should be done as a necessity of the System. It 
should not frighten You. Let us explain this System to You briefly: 

This is a System established to determine the Degenerated parts of the Cosmos 
and it has been Functioning since the beginning of th,s Century. Now in accoitiance 
with the Universal Theory, its effect has been extended and it has mcluded Your World 
in its Functioning Area. 

Each Person has a Special camera, a Special Receiving-Transmitting channel. 
These channels are connected to the Code Keys in that particular person's Private 
Archive Everything is recorded automatically. In this manner, Mankind, which had 
gone through numerous Incarnations, has been recorded in the Archives, under the 
control of the entire Supervision System. 

We had enliqhtened You until today through this System, by giving You 
Information through the Evolvement Channel, by keeping You under Religious 
Supervision for the benefit of Society. However, parallel to egos, making Discrimination 
between Religions has prevented Mankind from being Integrated. 

Today the Golden Book of the Space Age revealed through the Divine Channel 
of the (LORD) is obliged to announce the entire Universal Truths to You^ Those 
excluding the friends who are in the extreme darkness of their conditioning understand 

Us better. 



47 



We have always mentioned the Day in which the Heavens would be opened. 
Now, the Heavens have been opened. We, Your Extra-Terrestrial brothers and sisters, 
have had special connections with Your World until today, besides Our direct 
connections with You. 

Our Inter-Galactic connections with those who understand Us having Special 
Frequencies have continued in every Period. From time to time, We had connections 
with Our Human brothers and sisters in great secrecy. 

However, since it was forbidden to inform the press about these, they were 
disseminated in the form of rumors, and Imaginations also being added to them, lots 
of Fiction have been created. 

Now, by the Divine Command, Our Channel of ALPHA which is the direct Channel 
of the (LORD), has given the permission to Our Anatolian Channel to explain in all clarity, 
the Religions, all the Progress beyond Religions and Gods to the entire Universe. From 
now on, clearer Messages will be given to You on every subject. With Our Love. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 

P. G. A. 

OUR FRIENDS 

The Mechanism of the LORD functions directly by the Command of the ALMIGHTY. 
The Single director of all the Galaxies and the Entire Universe is (HIM). 

As a necessity of the Inter-Galactic System, there will be a Collective Administrative 
System in the entire Universe and in Your World after the Year 2000. This System will 
bring Happiness to everyone. When the time comes, We will mention them in Your 
private Messages. 

Now, We are calling to You from the Ninth Dimension. For now, We will disclose 
the Universe up to the 1 8th Dimension. At present, Your Cells are habituated to the 
Energy of the 6th Dimension in Sleep. This is a Method of Engraftment. 

Our Terrestrial sisters and brothers will come to Us in the framework of their 
Responsibilities, will be taken in UFOs, and unknown Mediums will be introduced to 
them, one by one. Their health problems will be hindered through simple methods and 
their constitutions will be returned to their former health. (Only those who Deserve it.) 

Now, We would also like to talk to You about an important issue. Let Us explain 
the actual reason of the fear and uneasiness of Our Friends who can not digest the 
given Messages. 

All the Religious Books dictated to Your World until today, carry extremely high 
Frequencies. These Frequencies of Knowledge are even higher than them. 



48 



Novel, Story and Poem types of literature written by Our Friends who are on the 
World Level and who write them in accordance with their Brain Frequencies are read very 
comfortably and liked by everyone, since they are in harmony with the World Frequency. 

Each writing possesses a Frequency Power in proportion with the Information it 
transmits to You. If Your Brain Frequencies have not been able to reach certain 
Frequencies, they charge You with a Powerful Energy and You become depressed. 

Those whose Frequencies are measured are Joined in same Frequency lines and 
the rest are driven off. Those who are driven off will be accepted into Powerful Mediums 
only if their Frequency Powers become higher. This is a necessity of the System. 
Mankind is educated each moment. 

Curiosity is the Signal of the unveiling of Your opening Code. In this manner, 
You are Supervised from Mediums in which You can be Awakened. When Your Brain 
Powers reach a certain Power, then You are kept under a Special Supervision. 

You receive the Information carrying Frequency Powers of the Mediums into which 
Your Brain Energies can not enter under the Supervision of the special Protective System. 
And this occurs by the Legal Supervision of the Law of Graduation. 

Vibrations You receive beyond perception are the Spiral Waves. We call them 
the Spiral Vibrations. They pass through the Vulom Magnetic Field by being cleansed, 
are purified, and are conveyed to You under the supervision of a blurred foggy layer. 

This foggy layer is a Ljad White Vapor which protects Your Spiritual Vibrations. 
That is, it is a kind of a cloud. Information Showers falling from this Cloud will sprout 
Your Brain Fields green. 

This method is applied only to Information Frequencies beyond the 6th 
Dimension. And Our Medium Friends are not upset in any way. 

Our Friends who try to enter different Dimensions unknown to them, by their 
own Powers, without Our Supervision, are thrown on the threshold of Spiritual Shocks 
and Depressions by this means. Their Brain fuses blow off. 

During Spiritual sessions, there is doubtless a necessity for a Spiritual Operator 
who carries a higher Frequency than the Frequency of the Medium. His/Her Energy 
keeps Your Frequencies under Supervision. Information received in this way is healthy 
and that person is not upset in any way. 



We are obliged to announce all this to Our certain curious Friends. 
Happiness is for Our World Brothers and Sisters. With Our Love. 



All the 



PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 



49 



NOTICE TO THE ENTIRE UNIVERSE 

of their Friends. We beg the.r pardon, but this, too, is nomir y 
the Ego. 

shown during this Period. 

this can not be helpful to Us at all. 

them. 

are taken out of their direction tJ&figgZS, style of Action should no, be 
important for Us. This ,s the degree of the Unjen y j^ ^.^ towa[ds the 

sSsfsKSsr ssa. ws u. - — - « — ■ 

u-x, our Friends who understand Us will also be 
We tell You everything very ^J^J^ Your Medium is not a Med,um 
unde rstood by their Own ^EX^eyond Re ligion, Do not ever forget 
of the Middle Ages You are .r an Love 

this, remember it always, Our Fronds. WK ^^ 



OUR FRIENDS 

M h ■ stated from Mercury is transmitted by the Command of 
This Message which is dictated rrom mpv ? 
the Messengers of the Divine Realm. 

H a< a Base Those who know 
This is Mercu^; a dead ^^l^ho'do' not know, so that the Humans of 
these places should tell ^^T^^^ Firmament are. 
the World can understand what Space and 



Our sincere advice to Our Friends is that they should never mix imagination with 
their Thoughts. They should not add anything to what they read. They should not 
change the nature of the Book, please. 

Some of You make certain alterations necessitated by Society in the notes You 
write in Your notebooks. You may be right according to Your present conditions. But 
do not forget that this Book is not projecting to You the Past but the Future. 

Now, in accordance with this, We would like to make some more explanations 
about Religion to You. Religions are Suggestions the nature of which is to promote 
the Morals of the Society. To Our Friends who will be successful in their final Exams of 
Humaneness which we call the first step taken forward into Salvation, very nice Messages 
will be given provided that they pass the first bridge in front of them. 

This Book which has been dictated in great Secrecy for Twenty Years, has remained 
secret for everybody until today. However, when the time came, in the World Year 
1.11.1981, when the first Commandment of the Golden Age had been received, only 
the Commands given had been disseminated to the Universe. 

Now, after a Three-Year Period of Waiting, Society has been prepared and the 
Command has been given that the Book should be directly written and disseminated 
as from (January 1 , 1 984). Now, the Book is disseminated to the Universe, Fascicule 
by Fascicule, in this manner. 

tn Foreign Countries We have 1 8 Centers at the moment besides Our ready Codes. 
Our Friends who Work Telepathically Propagate the Messages and they will continue 
to do so. 

Please, believe the seriousness of what We say. And convey them to Your Friends 
who are in doubt. Now, let Us explain to You the reason why We have waited for 
Three years after the first Commandment. This was a Period of formation for Progress 
in Your public opinion, that is the reason why it has been awaited. 

And now, Our Light-Friend the Pope is building the biggest Mosque of Europe in 
Rome. He is the First Responsible Person in charge who has reached this Consciousness 
on the path of World Brotherhood. He is trying to Unite Humanity with all His Effort. 
Our Gratitude is infinite. 

His Goal is misunderstood in certain fanatic environments. What he is doing is 
not a Religious Propaganda but a Propaganda of Humanity. We announce this to the 
Public Opinion. From now on, We have decided to Announce through this Book to 
Our Terrestrial brothers and sisters their wrong steps going astray on the Path of 
Brotherhood for their own good, Our Friends. Salutations and Love from Us. 

LIGHT 
ON BEHALF OF THE SUPREME ASSEMBLY 



11 



OUR FRIENDS 

Now We would like to answer some of the Questions in Your Thoughts. We call 
Our Friend who writes this Book, Dear Mevlana. Why do We Say so? Because, this 
name has a very Special place in the Humanity Code. However, during this Period, 
this Name is used as a Symbol. We felt the necessity to explain this to Our Friends 
who were not able to reach this Consciousness. In fact, in Your Dictionaries Mevlana 
means the Servant of God. And the Genuine Servant of God is a Guide who Sheds 
Light on the Path of Humanity. We use this Symbol for those very people. It is presented 
for Your Information. 

LIGHT 
ON BEHALF OF THE SUPREME ASSEMBLY 

NOTICE TO OUR TERRESTRIAL BROTHERS AND SISTERS 

Our Friends, 

Once, Messages given parallel to the Consciousness of Society, necessitated by 
the Medium, have constituted Your Religious Books. 

Those Messages had been projected to You through the Enlightenment Channel of 
Alpha by Our Light-Friends with the purpose of guiding Societies. They are Your Prophets. 

The words in the Messages, necessitated by those Periods, have put Our Human 
brothers and sisters in such a narrow frame that this conditioning has narrowed the 
range of their sights and they, at present, can not see the future. 

All Our Terrestrial Brothers and Sisters know that the Koran is the last and the 
most perfect Religious Book. And the Period of Prophets had ended with Our Light- 
Friend MOHAMMED MUSTAFA who is the last Prophet. 

A certain period of time has been allotted for each Religious Message given from 
the Enlightenment channel so that it could project its Genuine meaning to Society. 
For this reason the Koran has projected the Period up to the Year 1999 to You. 

The 1 500 World years which have passed have created Positive or Negative 
Consciousnesses in Society. Besides this, a Social Opinion has been established in the 
entire Universe. And this is a Triumph of the Religious Books revealed from the 
Enlightenment Channel. 

After a Period of 15 centuries which has passed, We get in touch with Our 
Terrestrial brothers and sisters directly. Our Human brothers and sisters do not know 
yet the Positive or Negative aspects of certain Suggestions presented to them during 
this time. 

We would like to correct the misunderstandings in Society. Everybody is free in 
his/her Religion, in his/her Views. This dictated Book does not demolish Your Religious 
Books. On the contrary, it presents them to You in the framework of the Truth, in a 
more comprehensible way. It is only inviting You to the Genuine Humanity Code 
through the Unification of Consciousnesses. 



By the Divine Command We have received, We are announcing to You the Progress 
beyond Religions through the direct Channel of the LORD. We had said that the Final 
Book the Koran, was the last Universal Book. We use the same expression for this Book, 
also. Because, no other Book about Religions will be revealed to You any more. 

This Book will be Our Final Book which will be revealed through the Channel of 
Alpha. This is because from now on, Your actual Book will be Your Conscience, Your 
Intellect and Your Logic. 

This Book has been revealed to Awaken You from Fanatic Thoughts and Dogmatic 
Rules. It has been sent to demolish the contradictions in Your Society. 

Let alone demolishing Your faith, it has been revealed to clarify the real nature of 
Your Books to You, so that, You may threat the Light-Path in conformity with Them 
more consciously. 

This Message has been dictated as an answer to the Thought chains We have 
received from the Thought Frequencies of some of Our Friends. Anyone who receives 
this Book should read it not once but several times, so that he/she can be redeemed 
from Prejudices. 

You can help Your Human brothers and sisters only after You train Yourselves in 
accordance with Consciousness, after You reach the Truth and after You attain Your 
own Selves Do not be afraid of Us, Our Friends; but be afraid of and be aware of the 
bondages in Your Thoughts. All the Love of Our Lord is upon the entire Universe. 

LIGHT 

NOTE: 

In the dictated Messages, We do not follow a sequence of dates and writings. 
This is because the Awakening Medium and the Frequency Powers of each person are 
different. You know that the Fascicules will be received in the Universe by Our Friends 
with different cultural levels. 

We the Missionaries in the Group, act in accordance with the given Instructions, 
so that everyone can reach an Understanding in Accordance with his/her own 
Thoughts. For this reason the Fascicules are written as a Beginning, an End and a 
Middle. It is presented for Your information. 

MEVLANA ESSENCE NUCLEUS GROUP 

NOTICE TO OUR TERRESTRIAL BROTHERS AND SISTERS 

Our Friends, „ ,.u„ 

We would like to talk privately to Our brothers and sisters who will enter the 

Path of Evolvement and who will be prepared for it We who come from afar as the 

Messengers of the Divine Realm serve on the Path of OUR LORD. We could get in 

touch with You Only as a necessity of this Period. 

The Enlightenment given on the Path of OUR LORD are for the Happiness of the 
People of the entire World. We, as the residents of these places, came to overcome the 
Negativities of the environment of Your World. We have connections with Trustworthy 
Friends only. 

53 



After the connection of the Speed of Light to the Central System We were able to 
communicate with You much more easily. 

There are qreat distances between the flat area on which the Caravan advances 
and thelmpasX mountains. You are not even **» *«* of the Beg.nn.ng yet. 
Our Proposals to You will always be the Words of ALLAH. 

We never force You. Those who Receive the Data, those who Present them and 
those who Expect them are all different. You can establish direct connects wrth Us 
MSrmSSSH Your depressions. Do not say This is for Me, this » for Her, th,s 
is for Him, Learn, one by one, each word of what is told to You. 

Even the degree of the load Cod will give Mankind is given only after it is ^ weighed 
and measured. Those who can, will receive it, those who can not, w,ll be left on the 
road, Our Friends. 

However during this Last Period there is Urgency necessitated by the conditions. 
Those who do not pay attention to the Enlightening words of the Sav,or and those 
who receive the Special Words are different people. 

Our Human brothers and sisters have not yet decided which path is the right 
path and which path is the wrong one. First, they wish to receive the reward and then 
they wish to tread the path. 

Our answer to Vou will be the following: Even the soil You step on does not take 
without giving. First, it gives life to the seed, feeds You and then ,t ,s hoed and fertted. 

the Firmament shine on You, Our brothers and sisters. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN ACE 
P. C. A. 



OUR FRIENDS 

At thi, moment We are in touch with each of Our Terrestrial brothers and sisters, 
one by on Some oHhem are not aware of anything. We are together w.th hem 
directly in the Spiritual Realm. Besides this, Our special connects occur by the 
elevation of Cellular Vibrations. 

We habituate them to Powerful Energies much higher than the World F^nqj. 
Until today, Messages on Evolvement have been continuously g.ven to Your World. 
Because, Your World needs this Evolvement very much. 



In future We will give You very Powerful Universal Information. However, it is 
necessary to go up the stairs step by step. Keeping this in consideration, We superv.se 
Your Frequencies and make the Information distributions in this manner. 

For this reason a Friend who has gone up one step, has to wait for a while for 
Our Friends who are on the lower step. In this manner, Frequency d.fferences will 
decrease and nobody will claim Prophethood. 

You know that the Period of Prophethood has ended. The Goal is Universal 
Unification at the Humanity Code. The ripening of Raw fruits which do not receive the 
"u n w takes time. If fruits could talk, each one of them would say J m very 
ta St y now You can eat Me". While there is some acridity even ,n the sweet date, how 
can anyone claim to be mature? 

Maturing occurs by the Command "Let there be!" Not by sitting , where £ju jfe 
The one who receives the Command starts to proceed on the path. This is a 
Predeshnation of the Divine. To Desire and To Be, to Search and I tc , F.nd are different 
thinqs To search with the hope of finding is better than not to find what You hoped 
lor Those who search will meet and will Unify by this means. Those who are ready 
and those who will be prepared are different. 

in Your World, You have something called Time. The Time of the World and the 
Time of th Firmament are different. For now, the Time of the Firmament w.1l awa. tat 
*T Time of the World and will try to approximate the World T.me to the Time of he 
lament Please, pay attention to what We say, We say, (approximate). Because 
two dTfferent Frequencies can never be one inside the other. Always cons.der this 
word of Ours. 

Variations in Zodiac Units influence greatly Your Climate and Your Seasons and 
Your Lives. At the moment, due to the decrease in its Centrifugal Power, Your World 
rotates around Your Sun with slight rolling movements. Even now, Your calendar ,s 
full of great errors. One day, You will modify it anew. 

We request You to write on the Messages not the name of the Day, but the name 
of the Month and the Year from now on. The Messages You receive are from beyond 
tin* there is no date. Deviations occur on the date of the day you receive them in he 
w'rl'd For thl reason We would like You to write only the year and the name of the 
month on the Messages You will receive from now on. 

The negativities around You should never influence the Happiness of Your Spirit 
Because tolose who will get help, Helping Hands will always be extended. When 
fhe time comes We will prove to You everything, one by one. Only, You should succeed 
to enter tha7 Evolvement Medium. All our Goodwill is for Our Terrestnal brothers and 
sisters. With Our Love. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G, A. 

cx 



55 



TO OUR TERRESTRIAL BROTHERS AND SISTERS 

Our Friends, 

Now, We would like to talk to You about the Secret of Your achievements. 

Every Human Being is rewarded due to his/her Submission and Goodwill. You 
have achieved this until today under the Light of Your Religious Purification. Now, We 
will convey to You its Real meaning. This is not a Secret. The characteristic of the 
Central System here is to keep Your Frequency adjustments under Supervision. 

In every place where the name of ALLAH is mentioned, there is a Medium of Protection. 
Because, each word has a cipher, a meaning. This is valid for every Religion in each 
Country. The word ALLAH is Your Protective Code. It is Your Submission to Him. Helping 
Hands are instantly extended to those who are Genuinely Submissive. 

Your Faith and Submission issuing from Your very Essence is very important here_ 
Because, the Submission of a person in a Dilemma and the Genuine Submission and 
Faith turn on different colors of Light on the Mechanism here. 

Help is extended to You in this way, according to the Very Level of Your Spirits. 
We work Miracles to some of Our Faithless but Goodwilled Friends. You know that 
Miracles are for making those who do not have faith, believe. Those who have Genuine 
Faith do not need miracles. 

In different Religious Societies, each person has beliefs peculiar to himself/herseif. 
Why does a Number, a Word, an object of Luck or a Mascot brings You luck, but does 
not do so to another person? Have You ever Thought about the profundity of its 
meaning? What is the reason? Now, let Us explain it: 

In whichever way You Believe in something, in whichever way You Look at it, in 
whichever way You Think of it, that thing will serve You in the very same way. This is the 
necessity of a System. If You say good, it will be good, if You say bad, it will always be bad. 

Doubts and Suspicions are mostly Your deceptions. For this reason it is always 
doubt which causes the negative results of Your deeds. Do not ever forget that Your 
Sixth Senses (Your Telepathic Perceptions), have been continuously under the control 
of this System from the time of Your Existence until today. 

You presume that You do a lot of things through Your own desires. However, 
You do not know the nature of created Mediums and the Instinctive Impulses. 

If You Deserve Grace, Your deeds will be Successful, otherwise they will be 
Hampered, Let us explain why some People's deeds go wrong: 

Your World is covered by a Magnetic screen on the inside and the outside of the 
Atmosphere. All desires made with Good Intentions can easily pass through this 
Magnetic Level due to their Positivity and they are supervised here according to the 
Spirit Levels of People since they carry a certain Frequency. 

You say , "God gives People what they wish as long as they wish them with Good 
Intentions". This is said for this very reason. 



56 



Fury, Vindictiveness, Greed, |ealousy, Cursing are all Negative reactions at reverse 
direction.' When something happens contrary to a person's desires, instantly these 
negative reactions come to the surface. 

These feelings can not pass beyond the Magnetic screen, since they carry negative 
pole. They strike it and then are reflected back to the person who carries them. People 
become Unhappy due to this Negative Electricity. 

For this reason We always talk to You about Love and tell You, "Overcome Your 

Negativities". 

If You are a person charged with great Negative Electricity, then this returning 
Electricity may not agitate You. However, it may agitate Your near and dear ones who 
carry less immunity. And You, too, are distressed indirectly by their sorrow. 

As a necessity of the established System, Negative Powers can not pass beyond 
the Maqnetic Screen. For this reason Our Lord or Our Friends at Superior Levels do 
not have any guilt for the unhappiness of People, at all. Our Friends at the Divine 
Realm are Lights who endeavour only for the Happiness of Human Beings. 

People create both their Happiness and Unhappiness themselves. The reverse 
reaction of the Negative pole is nothing but the reversal of Your Negative Thoughts 
after they strike the Magnetic Screen. 

As a result of his/her own negative Feelings, a person fails into the ditch he/she has 
digged. It is beneficial to repeat this. May all the Happiness be upon You, Our Friends. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 

OUR FRIENDS 

The Evolvement and the Training of a Person occur as a result of his/her Struggle 
with his/her own Self. Nobody else can ever train him/her. Because, if somebody else 
tries to train him/her, he/she will always sow Negative Seeds on the field of that person 
If the Person Trains his/her Self, he/she can easily get rid of the Negativity within him/ 
her and can prepare him self/ herself for the Evolvement Medium. 

If You know how to look with a benevolent eye at those who look at You with a 
malevolent one, You will lead them onto a secret Self-training. Such a moment arnves 
that he/she becomes ashamed of his/her self and becomes Aware of his/her faults. 
When Love reaches the Genuine Code of Love which is at the Citadel of the Angels, 
You, too, become an Angel. 

To be able to attain this Boon is peculiar only to those who Deserve it. Seeds 
sown in Your Subconscious, even before You were born, are blooming in accordance 
with the Medium in which they are present. This is Your Code of Essence. This Code 
determines the Path of Your Destiny. 



57 



Everything begins when Your Existence begins, nothing is added afterwards. You 
will treadle same path in Every Period, You will choose the Good or the Evil by Your 
Essence Consciousness and You will find the Path of Truth by this means. Th,s ,s the 
very thing which makes You Yourself. 

Everything in the Universe is an element of Equilibrium. The absence of one Thing 
is always compensated with something else. In fact, Your Essence Consciousness Code is 
alwayfkept beyond hypocritical intentions. But Mankind has always donated and has 
gone astray. Self-sacrifice designs the most Sacred Path for Humanrty. 

Let Us Love and be Loved, let Us discover Our Essence, let Us Enter the Heavens 
and Learn what everything is. Steps taken in this manner will always lead I Our Human 
brothers and sistersTo Luminous and Flowery paths. With Our Love to Our brothers 
and sisters. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 

ex 

OUR FRIENDS 

Entities on the Level of the Firmament have Collaborated for You with all their 
Goodwill These dictated Messages are a Command of the Divine. And this is a Universal 
Mobilization. 

All the Offerings You receive are filtered by many Authorities and are conveyed 
to You by being dictated through the direct Channel of ALPHA. 

We have received the Command to disclose to You all the Secrets of the Universe, 
You have no idea yet about the Miraculous Medium here. 

You know that Evolvement depends on the Yield of the years. Nobody can be 
aware of the Supremacy flowing through the Centuries. »| »j£g**£ 
Data in harmony with his/her Medium. To go beyond these Data frightens Our 
Terrestrial brothers and sisters. 

Lately connections have been provided with the other Solar Systems, too. For 
now, We will provide this intervention (when the time comes). The Evolvement of 
Your Century develops in this manner. 

During the Period of Sincerity, Your Places of Prostration are Your Hearts. The 
olaces here are the shelter of the Secure Ones and are the home of Learning and 
knowledge.' We desire to Assemble here all Our Terrestrial brothers and s.sters. The 
Lights of OUR LORD are upon You. With Our Love. 

PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 
P. G. A. 




NOTICE TO OUR BROTHERS AND SISTERS 

Our Friends, 

We would like to answer, in a General way, some of Your Thought Chains We 
have received from Your Frequency supervisions. We had said, "Write Your Books in 
Your Handwritings". However, We had also announced that this was not obligatory 
and that everyone should act in accordance with his/her own initiative. 

We have to clarify certain misunderstandings here. We will convey to You shortly, 
as a result of the Command We received, the special reason of Our desire that everyone 
should write the Book with his/her own Handwriting. This Procedure was for 
registering You into The Assembly of the Constant Ones here, at a piace You do not 
know yet which is called " the Land of the Eagles ". 

Only Friends who are aware of their responsibilities will be accepted here. We 
have received the Command to explain this to You. Your Book has already been 
revealed to the World now. This Book does not limit any of Your actions. 

If You wish, You read it, if You do not wish, You do not read it. If You wish, You 
help to distribute it, if You do not wish, You do not do so. You are a Free Spirit, a Free 
Conscience. Your actions are under the Command of Your Conscience and Your 
