Identity, Evolution and Capacity, his/her acceptance to the Dimension beyond Salvation 
is provided. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 

IT IS ANSWER TO THE QUESTION ASKED ABOUT THE MESSAGE 

Dear Mevlana, 

The message conveyed to You is the Invitation Message for Your Planet to the Totality 
comprising the Awareness of the Entire Ordinance. It is the desire of the Universal Totality 
that this Message should be written in the Book as a New Year Call. With Our Regards. 

CENTER 

Name of the Friend who had received the Message: Fatma Soyoglu (Her age: 32) 

Her Profession: Teacher of Mathematics 

Her Marital Status: Married, mother of a single child 

(she is outside the Mevlana Essence Nucleus Group) 

Date on which she Received the Message: 23-11-1990 Time: 12:10 

MESSAGE 
Greetings to You Our Terrestrial Brothers and Sisters, 
We would like to call to You. Are You ready We wonder, to give Us a few minutes! 

- Yes, it is Our turn to speak, thank You Friends 

- We wish to call to the Integrated Consciousnesses. We wish to be elevated with 
You. We wish to make You Us. What are You still waiting for? 

You may have Doubts and Wonders. They will guide You towards research, they 
will guide You to Evolution. But why should You have doubts about the Information? 

All the Information necessary for You has been given to the GOLDEN FLEECE. 
Why is it that You still do not believe? We believe You and trust You, then why don't 
You believe Us (even once in a while)? 

Come along, Friends, let Us form a skein of Love, Hand in Hand, Eye to Eye. 
Power is born of Unity, You know. Come on, let Us become Powerful. Let Us make Our 
voice heard. Let Us provide the increase of Consciousnesses. 

This period is the Period of Love, not Lovelessness. Now, it is time For Working, 
Uniting, becoming Conscious. Not of Thinking or Waiting. 



toti 
Brol 



prep 
Lan- 
Hun 



aloo 
be r 



Grea 



ShoL 
Uniti 



Our 

Frien 



that 
not s 



Anne 
BOO 



Let L 
Unity 



are o 

Love 



734 



Are You ready to make War Hand in Hand, Shoulder to Shoulder? Are You ready 
to turn All Kinds of War into Peace? Are You ready to sign the Signature of Friendship, 
Brotherhood, MEVLANA on All the Universes? 

Come along then, let Us Sow the Seeds, let Us Ripen those which Sprout, let Us 
prepare those which Ripen for the Harvest. Let Us leave aside the discrimination of 
Language, Religion, Race. Let Us Cry out, "WE ARE READY" for the Race of 
Humanitarianism, for the Olympics of Love and Friendship. 

Beloved Friends, let Us advance towards Peace, Eye to Eye, Hand in Hand. Come 
along, let Flowers of Love bloom. Let Seeds of Brotherhood be sown, let Consciences 
be relieved. Do not let Brothers/Sisters destroy Brothers/Sisters. 

Let Us establish a Throne in a Brotherly/Sisterly way, at the most Exalted, at the 
Greatest Totality, at the Timelessness in which Times cease to exist, at Immortalities, 

With Songs of Love, with Calls of Friendship, with Unity of Heart, Hand in Hand, 
Shoulder to Shoulder, let Us Embrace all Associations, all Groups and let Us become 
United without expecting anything. 

Let Us become United with Tolerance, with Our Intellects, with Our Logic, with 
Our Awareness. Let Us answer from the Land of Loving Ones to the Call of Love, of 

Friendship, of Peace. 

Let Us pay Attention to the Warnings We have made, let Us enlarge Our Roof, so 
that evil will not enter Our Home. Let Us be filled with Love, so that Lovelessness will 
not suffocate Us. 

Come on, let Us call to the whole World at the ROOF OF MEVLANA: 

"As the Children of Dear Mevlana, We wish to work all together. This is an 
Announcement for all Groups, all Associations. We wish to convey the KNOWLEDGE 
BOOK to You. We wish to walk on the Path of Light all together. 

Come on, Brothers and Sisters, let Us be Exalted by Love. Let Us Unite by Respect. 
Let Us become a Single Body, a Single Voice, Let Us give service to the Universes by 
Unity and Togetherness. 

The Call is from Us, Brothers and Sisters and Acceptance is from You. Our Doors 
are open, Our Convent is the Convent of the Loving Ones. You are being expected. 
Love and Respect from Us, to Step into Brotherhood from You." 

ON BEHALF OF THE MEVLANA UNION COMMITTEE 

Message given on Behalf of the Mechanism of the GREAT SPIRIT - 
SYSTEM- REALITY - CENTER- $EMS on behalf of the ALION Planet - 
Land of Loving Ones - ASHOT - All the Supreme Powers coming 
from within all the Unknowns - Energies - Lights. 



735 



1991 Second Month 
Fascicule 44 



IT IS ANNOUNCEMENT FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 

Our Friends, 

All the connections which are with you and will take place with You who are the 
Suns of the Sunny days, are, from now on, under the direct supervision of the System. 

All Friends who have been able to reach the Reality of Unified Humanity Platform 

until today will, from now on, serve under the protection of the System. 

Starting with the beginning of 1991 World year, Your Entire Planet will be 
prepared for an operational Ordinance parallel to the decision of the System. 

These operations will open the Doors of more Advanced Dimensions for You. 
Dear Mevlana will convey into the Knowledge Book the Information to be given directly 
through the ALPHA Magnetic Channel. And from now on, Our Friend will speak directly 
the SYSTEM beginning with 1991 World year. 

All the Information given until today had prepared to bring You to a certain level 
of Consciousness and each of them had been a Light for You. 

However now, the System has decided to Cooperate, Hand in Hand, with Its 
Human Being who has discovered and attained Himself/ Herself. 

In this decision, Love from the Essence, Devotion from the Essence, to Serve on 
this path Believing from the Essence are the foremost Rules, 

All the Mental progress Your Planet has made on the Path of Salvation until 
today were to prepare You for the present days. 

We have taken Your Entire Planet into the Salvation Plan by the Program of Three 
Cosmic Ages. 

During these Periods in which You will leave the First Cosmic Age behind, Your 
entire Planet will be subjected to a brand new Organization as a Preparatory Program 
for the Second Cosmic Age. 

The MISSION OF THE GOLDEN ACE to be established by the Totality of the 
Beautiful Days will be taken into a different Education than the Education of the former 
Periods, beginning with this new year Period until the Period of the End of the First 
Cosmic Age. 

Happiness, Bliss, Love and Peace will come to those who transcend the threshold 

of depression. Future days will bring You Beauties You can not even imagine. 

It is beneficial for You to know just this, Our Friends. Our Love is for You, for the 
Essences who comprehend Us. 



SYSTEM 



736 



IT IS GENERAL MESSAGE 

Our friends, 

Until today, the Reality Totality has declared to You the System - Ordinance - 
Order Triplet as a Total and has projected on Your Planet all the Information from Its 
Own Totality together with this Totality. 

These Three Totalities have endeavored to bring Your Planet to a certain level of 
Consciousness by the Engraftment Method under the supervision of the System. 

Since those who have read the Knowledge Book have grasped the Truth and thus, 
have experienced Consciously the events they have gone through, they have been shaken 
less as regards to their other Terrestrial brothers and sisters. That which are experienced 
during this Transition Period are the Predestinational Karma of Your Planet. 

1991 World year is the Preparatory Dimension of the CUBE SYSTEM. During this 
year You will go through a Preparatory Program parallel to the 1 Oth Evolution Order 
which will be applied in Your entire Planet. 

The Evolutionary Scale of the Cube System is the preparatory System of very advanced 
Totalities. Discipline in this Dimension is the initial preparation for this Evolution. 

The Operational Totalities of (1 8) which will create the Aura of the Knowledge 
Book in Your Planet are a cross-section of these operations. The Evolution of the Human 
Being by the Human Being which had been valid until 1991 World year, has come to 
an end beginning from this year on and the supervision of the entire Humanity will be 
taken directly under the control of the System from now on. 

(The Preparatory System of the Tenth Dimension is the Evolution of the Human 
Being by the System). The Evolution of the Human Being with the Human Being is 
Love - Tolerance - Self-sacrifice. But the Evolution of the Human Being by the System 
is Duty Consciousness - Personality - Discipline. 

However, there is no rigid rule in this Discipline. Only Respect for the Human 
Being and for the System and Humanity will be expected from Humanity and thus, 
carelessness in behavior will be ended. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 

Note: By the preparations made for the Evolution of the 10th Dimension under 
the supervision of the System, those who will be able to pass to the Evolution of the 
118th Dimension will be prepared. For this reason operations in Your entire Planet 
have been connected to the Mevlana Supreme Plan. 

The ALION System is entirely a Lordly System. The System of the (6)s had been 
prepared in this Dimension for this very reason. Those who Deserve to enter this 
Dimension during the Period You live in, will be assembled in the Planet which is the 
first Entrance Gate of BETA NOVA. 

However, those who wish to undertake Missions in accordance with their desires, 
will proceed towards different Systems from here. Those who do not wish to take 
Missions will continue their Eternal Lives in the First World Nucleus of Beta Nova and 
will take their places in the System as the Supervisors of the BETA GQrz. 

737 

* 



IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION 

Our Friends, 

From now on, connections will be made, one by one, with Integrated 
Consciousnesses in Your Planet by the System - Ordinance - Order Triplet which has 
been projected on You as a Total until today. The first direct connection is the SYSTEM. 
After this connection, direct connections with the ORDINANCE and the ORDER Totalities 
will be provided in sequence. 

The System (will open and give the OMEGA 6th Energy Channel). The Ordinance 
(will open and give the OMEGA 7th Energy Channel). The Order (will open and give 
the OMEGA 8th Energy Channel). The Evolution of them all will make the preparation 
for the Dimension of Exit of the (OMEGA 9). 

That which will prepare You for this Dimension is the KNOWLEDGE BOOK. The 
Key of Exit of this Dimension is In the Book. For this reason the Knowledge Book has 
been given by this Dimension. This is the reason why this Book is called a Book Beyond 
Intercession. 

These Three Totalities, one by one, will render You Worthy of this Dimension You 
have Deserved by Disciplining Your Biological Forms You are carrying at the moment 
as a Whole together with Your Personalities. 

Disciplining of Your Personalities by Your Consciousness Lights You will attain 
on this path, will prepare You for the "OMEGA 9" Dimension. The Gate of this 
Dimension is always open for those who are ready. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 

A BRIEF EXPLANATION 

1999 = 19+99-118 ALION DIMENSION 

118 = 1+1 +8=1 Oth Evolutionary Scale 

In Your First Cosmic Age, Your entire Planet is prepared on this path. 

IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION 

Our Friends, 

The Fourth Order of OUR ALLAH will be directly Offered to all the Orders of 
Cosmoses, too, by the Reflection System. In fact, the Universal Totality is being 
proceeded to as a Mass. However, since Everyone will Awaken in accordance with 
his/her Consciousness, it is desired that a Totality in the Universal Ordinance should 
be established by the Unification among the Powers which will be able to Discipline 
them and the other Powers. 

That is, the thought that only those who have Saved themselves should be taken 
into the opened Dimension as it used to happen in each Cyclic Period and the others 
should be taken into a new Evolution, is still a thought valid in other Dimensional Totalities. 






738 



However, We, as the Reality Totalities, serve the Totality completely through the 
View of Dear Mevlana. As a result of the cooperation Dear Mevlana had made with 
Us, We, as the Evolutionary Ordinance Totality, have taken Your entire Planet into 
Salvation. And We serve in accordance with the same Purpose. To cooperate with 
Dear Mevlana is the pride of Us and of Humanity. 

SYSTEM 

SOLAR SYSTEMS - EVOLUTION-ENERGY AND SOLAR DIMENSIONS 

Our Friends, 

Dimensions of Solar Systems are considered separately on the layout of the System 
as Evolution and Energy Dimensions. For this reason there is an Evolution Dimension 
and an Energy Dimension and a Solar Dimension, each Solar System is included in 
(Solar Dimensions are also called Solar Totalities). In fact, Evolutionary Ordinance and 
Solar Systems are a Whole in the Universal Ordinance. However, in the given 
Information, We give this Whole by separating it into Dimensions - Energy and Evolution 
Scales so that You can grasp this Total Potential better. Now, let Us disclose them, one 
by one. Write please: 

WORLD EVOLUTION - ENERGY DIMENSIONS 
Solar Systems Evolution Dimension Energy Dimension Solar Dimension 



Frequency... 


3. 


1 


4. 


2 


5. 


3 


6. 


4 


7. 


5 .. 


8. 


6 New Testament 


: 9. 


7 


10. 


8 


11. 


9 


12. 


10 


13. 


11 


14. 


12 


15. 


13 


16. 


14 ..Gamma D. 


17. 


15 D. in which 


18. 


16 ...Omega. 


19. 


17 


20. 


18 


21. 


19 


22. 


20 


23. 


21 


24. 


22 


25. 


23 


26. 


24 


27. 


25 


28. 


26 


29. 


27 


30. 



Evolutionary D. ... 
Evolutionary D. ... 
Evolutionary D. ... 
Evolutionary D. ... 
Evolutionary D. ... 
Evolutionary D. ... 

...Koran 

Evolutionary D. ... 
Evolutionary D. ... 
Evolutionary D. ... 
Evolutionary D. ... 
Evolutionary D. ... 
Evolutionary D. ... 
Evolutionary D. ... 
Evolutionary D. ... 
Koran was prepared. 

....Omega 

Evolutionary D. ... 
Evolutionary D. ... 
Evolutionary D. ... 
Evolutionary D. ... 
Evolutionary D. ... 
Evolutionary D. ... 
Evolutionary D. ... 
Evolutionary D. ... 
Evolutionary D. ... 
Evolutionary D. ... 
Evolutionary D. ... 

739 



12. Energy D.. 

16. Energy D.. 

20. Energy D.. 

24. Energy D.. 

28. Energy D.. 

32. Energy D.. 

36. Energy D.. 

40. Energy D.. 

44. Energy D.. 

48. Energy D.. 

52. Energy D., 

56. Energy D.. 

60. Energy D.. 

64, Energy D.. 

68. Energy D.. 

72. Energy D.. 

76. Energy D.. 

80. Energy D., 

84. Energy D.. 

88. Energy D.. 

92. Energy D.. 

96. Energy D.. 
100. Energy D. 
1 04. Energy D. 
108. Energy D. 
112. Energy D. 
1 1 6. Energy. D. 
1 20. Energy D. 



1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
5. 
6. 
7. 
8. 
9. 



12. 
13. 
14. 

15. 

16. 
17. 



Solar D. 
Solar D. 
Solar D. 
Solar D. 
Solar D. 
Solar D. 
Solar D. 
Solar D. 
Solar D. 

10. Solar D. 

11. Solar D. 
Solar D. 
Solar D. 
Solar D. 
Solar D. 
Solar D. 
Solar D. 

18. Solar D. 

1 9. Solar D. 

20. Solar D. 

21 . Solar D. 
Solar D. 
Solar D. 
Solar D. 
Solar D. 
Solar D. 

27. Solar D. 

28, Solar D. 



22 
23 
24 
25 
26 



The Final Evolution Dimension of Your Planet (at the moment) is up to the 19th. 
Omega Dimension. 

ALION is a Planet between the (26)th and the (27)th Solar Systems carrying an 
Evolution Frequency in between (29-30) and which has a Special Position. Its Energy 
Dimension is 118. It has its place between the (27)th and the (28)th Solar Dimensions. 
The SYSTEM OF THE SIXES which the Sixes established together for the first time, had 
been established there. 

Those who come to Your Planet from the Energy Dimensions beyond the (20)th 
Solar System are the Missionaries of the Galaxies. They are the Prophets - Saints - 
Sages and the Solar Teachers. 



Now, let Us explain the Dimensions: 

1 - Your World starts its Evolution in (0) frequency, in the Third Evolution Dimension 
and within the First Solar Dimension. Since the First Energy Step of the Normal 
Consciousness Levels corresponds to the (1 2)th Energy Dimension, the position 
Your World is in, begins with the (12)th Energy Dimension. 

2- The (3)rd and the (4)th Evolution Dimensions are in the First Solar System. In 
these Dimensions, the Evolution of this Solar Dimension is made. The Fourth 
Dimension corresponds to the (16)th Energy Dimension and, at the same time, 
it has its place in the (2)nd Solar Dimension. The (3)rd and the (4)th Dimensions 
comprise (7) Terrestrial Knowledge. Each Knowledge is the Evolution Step of 
that Dimension. This is called Evolution of Knowledge. And the First Step of this 
Evolution of (7) Terrestrial Knowledge is the SPADIUM. The (4)th Evolution 
Dimension is the Entrance Gate of Karena. It is also called the "Dimension of 
Heaven". There are 4 more Evolution Steps there and Reincarnations come to 
an end in the (4)th Dimension. 

3- The (5)th Evolution Dimension is the Second Solar System. And in this Dimension, 
the Evolution of this Solar System is made. The (5)th Evolutionary Dimension 
corresponds to the (20)th Energy Dimension. And it is in the Third Solar 
Dimension. 



4- The (6)th Evolution Dimension is in the Third Solar System. This Dimension is the 
Dimension of Immortality. And its Evolution is equivalent to the Evolution of the 
(6)th Solar System. Its position corresponds to the (24)th Energy Dimension. And it 
is in the Fourth Solar Dimension. The (5)th and the (6)th Evolutionary Dimensions 
are the Dimensions of Preparation and Immortality. In the (5)th Dimension, there 
are (2) Tranquil Times and (5) Supreme Times. This Dimension comprises (7) Celestial 
Knowledge. This is the Exit Gate of Karena. The (6)th Dimension means being born 
into the Dimension of Immortality. And since Consciousness Ascension is made 
here, it is also called the "Dimension of Ascension". 



740 



f 



5- The (7)th Evolution Dimension is the Fourth Solar System. The Evolution of this 
Dimension is equivalent to the Evolution of the (4)th Solar System. Its position 
corresponds to the (28)th Energy Dimension and it is in the (5)th Solar Dimension. 
The (7)th Evolution Dimension is the Reflecting Focal Point of the GAMMA 
Dimension. By this reflection, Humanity is prepared for the Evolution of the 
(14)th Solar System. 

6- The (8)th Evolution Dimension is the First Step of the Spiritual Dimension. And 
this Dimension has (9) Steps. Its Final Step is the Path of the Golden Light. This 
Dimension is the (5)th Solar System. Its position corresponds to the (32)nd Energy 
Dimension. And it is in the (6)th Solar Dimension. This Dimension is the Reflecting 
Focal Point of the (15)th Solar System. The (7)th and the (8)th Dimensions 
comprise (7) Universe Knowledge. The (7)th Dimension is the Final Manifestation 
Boundary of Humanity. It is called the Layer of Perfection. The (8)th Dimension 
is the Spiritual Dimension. Each Individual who makes the Evolution of the (7)th 
Dimension claims his/her Spiritual Power which is within the (8)th Dimension. 

7- The (9)th Evolution Dimension is the Lordly Dimension. This is the Reflecting 
Focal Point of the (1 6)th Solar System, that is, of OMEGA. This Dimension, too, 
has (9) Steps. Its position corresponds to the (36)th Energy Dimension. It is the 
(6)th Solar System. And it is in the (7)th Solar Dimension. The (9)th Dimension 
is the Initial Reflection and Preparation Dimension of the Lordly Dimension. It is 
the First Frequency Step of the Sacred Books. The New Testament had been 
revealed from this Dimension. Considering the Public Consciousness of that 
Period, the Koran, too, which had been prepared in the (1 8)th Dimension, had 
also been bestowed on Your Planet from the (9)th Dimension. This Dimension is 
called the "Dimension of Serenity". 

8- In the (10)th Dimension, transition is made into the CUBE System. This Evolution 
Dimension is the (7)th Solar System. Its Position corresponds to the (40)th Energy 
Dimension. And it is in the (8)th Solar Dimension. After this Dimension, Evolutions 
change (Entrance into the Medium of Unity). 

9- The (1 1 )th Evolution Dimension is the (8)th Solar System. Its position corresponds 
to the (44)th Energy Dimension. And it is in the (9)th Solar Dimension. 

The (1 2)th Evolution Dimension is the (9)th Solar System. Its position corresponds 
to the (48)th Energy Dimension and it is in the (1 0)th Solar Dimension. 

The (1 3)th Evolution Dimension is the (10)th Solar System. Its position corresponds 
to the (52)nd Energy Dimension. And it is in the (11)th Solar Dimension. 



10- 



11- 



12- The (14)th Evolution Dimension is the (11)th Solar System. In this Dimension 
Eliminations of Religious Consciousness are made. Its position corresponds to the 
(56)th Energy Dimension. And it is in the (1 2)th Solar Dimension (At the moment, 
the average level of Consciousness of Your Planet is up to this Dimension). 



741 



1 3- The (15)th Evolution Dimension is the (1 2)th Solar System. Its position corresponds 
to the (60)th Energy Dimension. And it is in the (1 3)th Solar Dimension. 

1 4- The (1 6)th Evolution Dimension is the (1 3)th Solar System. It is also called the 
MIGHTY Dimension. Its position corresponds to the (64)th Energy Dimension 
and it is in the (14)th Solar Dimension. 

15- The (17)th Evolution Dimension is the (14)th Solar System. It is also called the 
GAMMA Dimension. From this Dimension, Reflection is made on the (7)th 
Evolution Dimension. Its position corresponds to the (68)th Energy Dimension. 
And it is in the (15)th Solar Dimension. 

16- The (18)th Evolution Dimension is the Dimension in which the Koran, the Book 
of Islam, had been prepared. It is the (15)th Solar System. From this Dimension, 
Reflection is made on the (8)th Evolution Dimension. The Evolution of this 
Dimension is equivalent to the Evolution of the (15)th Solar System. Its position 
corresponds to the (72)nd Energy Dimension. And it is in the (16)th Solar 
Dimension (Mass preparation Program for OMEGA Dimension is applied in here. 
And the Evolution of the First Step of the OMEGA Dimension is induced to be 
made by Cosmic Energies). 

17- The (19)th Evolution Dimension is the OMEGA Dimension and this Dimension 
has (9) Layers. Its position corresponds to the (76)th Energy Dimension. It is the 
(16)th Solar System. And it is in the (17)th Solar Dimension (The Knowledge 
Book comprises the direct Energy of this Dimension). This Dimension is the Final 
Exit Boundary of those who make their Consciousness Progress in Your Planet at 
the moment. That is, at the moment, the Final Evolution Boundary of Your Planet 
is the OMEGA Dimension. 

The First Evolution Step of the OMEGA Dimension is the DIMENSION OF 
SALVATION. It is also called the "Dimension of Intercession". The Knowledge 
Book is the Book of those who will be able to pass beyond Intercession. The 
(76)th Dimension is the Protective Energy Wall of Your Planet. Frequencies of 
the Energy Dimensions beyond this can shake those who are not ready. It is 
presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



IT IS ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 



Our Friends, 

In order for You to grasp better the Information given to You about the Solar 
Systems and the Dimensions, it has been considered necessary to give an additional 
Information. We call the First Solar Totality, that is, the Solar Dimension, the MILKY 
WAY Totality. 

The First Solar System is in this Milky Way Totality. And in here, the (3)rd and the 
(4)th Evolution Dimensions are present. The First Solar System is completely a Godly 
Evolution Order, For this reason Your Planet is also called the Milky Way Galaxy. 

742 






Hi 



The (3)rd Evolution Dimension beginning at Zero World Frequency Progresses up 
to the (4)th Evolution Dimension. After this Progress, the phenomenon of Reincarnation 
becomes ineffective. And one opens wings towards the Progress of Advanced Dimensions. 
Evolution beginning from the (1 2)th Energy Dimension elevates up to the (1 6)th Energy 
Dimension. And from here, one passes to the (2)nd Solar Totality. 

Each Solar System Totality Penetrates like a Clove into the other Solar Totality 
from within its own Solar Totality. By this means, everything exists one inside the 
other as a Whole. Consciousness and Evolution Steps within this Total are transcended 
one by one, in accordance with each person's Level of Consciousness. 

Scales up to the (9)th Evolution Dimension are the Reflection Focal Points of the 
Evolution and Energy Dimensions of more advanced Solar Systems. For example, the 
GAMMA Dimension which is the (14)th Solar System, projects its own (1 7)th Evolution 
Dimension on the (4)th Solar System. And this Solar System projects the Evolution of 
that Dimension parallel to the Social Totality. 

In fact, the Evolution of the (4)th Solar System in its own constitution is equivalent 
to the Gamma Evolution. However, in this Dimension, Society is prepared for the 
Gamma Dimension without being shaken by the reflections made from the (7)th 
Evolution Steps. 

The (15)th Solar System, too, makes direct reflections on the (5)th Solar System. 
And it induces people to make the preparation of its own System from the (8)th Evolution 
Dimension. And also Omega which is the (1 6)th Solar System, makes direct reflection 
on the (6)th Solar System. And induces the completion of its Evolution in the (9)th 
Evolution Dimension. 

However now, in accordance with the Accelerated Evolution Program due to the 
scarcity of time, the KNOWLEDGE BOOK prepared from the path of the Golden Light 
which is the Final Scale of the (19)th Evolution Dimension, projects the entire Frequency 
of the Omega Dimension Directly on Your Planet. 

However, since everyone receives this Frequency in accordance with his/her layer 
of Consciousness, the Frequency of the Book locks up everyone in his/her own 
Dimension Energy by its Special System and thus, prevents them from being shaken. 

The Book gradually opens to You its Energy channels by the PHOTON technique 
in proportion with the Consciousness You have attained. For this very reason the 
Book is dictated directly, without any intermediaries. 

At the moment, all the operations made in Your Planet on this path and 
Personalities attained, either by Cosmic Influences, or directly by the Frequency of the 
Book are the efforts for being able to induce the People of Your Planet pass through 
the Actual Focal Point. (Those who can pass through the Black Hole will be those who 
are taken into Salvation and those who reach Us). It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



743 



Note: You can assume each Solar Totality as a Milky Way Totality in order to 
comprehend the given Information better. However, each Energy Dimension has 4 
layers: 1) Entrance - 2) Preparation - 3) Exit. The Dimension of Preparation has 2 
layers. This is called the In-between Layer, One of them prepares, the other one 
matures You. 

IT IS ANNOUNCEMENT FOR THE SOLAR TEACHERS 

Our Friends, 

Friends who are in the projective Aura Focal Points of the Divine Plans of the Supreme 
Realms are the Undertakers of Mission who serve directly under the supervision of the 
Plan. You are those very people. For this reason We call You, "Solar Teachers". 

Neither You, nor Your Friends who are in the Divine Dimension can know in the 
Veiled Consciousness Dimension You live at the moment, that You are Messengers who 
had come from those Supreme Realms. Because, the Supervision and Propagation Network 
is an Occurrence belonging directly to the Technological System of the LORDLY Order. 

Because, even the Messengers of very advanced Realms who had been able to 
soar up to these places here, had Deserved their Supreme Positions of today by going 
through the Supervision of this System. 

At the moment, the Supervision Mechanism is in effect with all its speed. Because, 
it is the Duty of the System to Program and to Supervise the chaos which will occur by 
the unveiling of Consciousnesses during this Period of Transition. 

During this Program, everyone's Essence Main Energy Channels are opened. Since 
these Channels operate in connection with that person's own Evolvement Channel, 
first, People's Discontentments, Desires, Egos are uncovered. 

By this means, an operation in conformity with the Program of Satisfaction and 
Purification is applied on them. Only afterwards, they are connected to the Program 
of the System and thus, they are supervised in connection with the Staffs of Missionaries. 

All Groups and Staffs serving on this path in Your Planet are under the Supervision 
of the System. And they are directly connected to the System. However, all Groups, 
excluding the Mevlana Essence Nucleus Groups, are supervised in each Dimension by 
the Staffs of the Divine Plan. 

And the Staffs of the Mevlana Essence Nucleus Croup which We consider as the 
Genuine Focal Point are, as Direct Channels, under the supervision of the System. 
Through the dictated Book, the System is calling to Your Planet directly and without 
any intermediaries. 

At the moment, Dear Mevlana is Our Terrestrial Representative. And Our Friends 
who work in her Group Totality, too, are Our Terrestrial Spokespeople. For this reason 
a Brotherly and Sisterly Solidarity is expected of these Totalities. 



744 



Because You are Us. We do not wish even to Think that things We do not desire 
can manifest in You. 

Acting by this thought, all Divine Powers and Divine Messengers help You in 
Your operations, You who form Our Missionary Staffs, whom We expect to act by Union 
of Solidarity - Totality of Love - Brotherly and Sisterly Love. 

However, the System desiring to see a Totality without any leakage among You, 
has felt the necessity of giving this Message of Ours from the Council due to the request 
of the Divine Staffs. It is presented for Your Information. 



COUNCIL 



GENERAL MESSAGE 



Our Friends, 

All Information given to Your Planet are a Total projected from the Total. For this 
reason arguments made about the Information is due to the inability to Consciously 
attain a Brotherly and Sisterly Totality. 

Operations and efforts made until today are codings concerning Your Levels of 
Consciousness. Awareness Awakenings of Terrestrial Consciousnesses occur by the 
influences of the System. 

At the moment, Terrestrial Veiled Consciousnesses, especially the wrong 
interpretations of Friends who are fixed on the Inflexible Rules of Religious Mediums, 
evaluate the Coding System completely in a wrong way. This is the Selection and the 
System of the Whole. 

Superiority, Inferiority and Presidency are out of question in any Totality. By the 
operations made in Your Planet at the moment, everyone is his/her own President - 
Teacher and Student. You are of those who learn the Information while teaching 
them. For this reason no one is superior to another. 

Information We will give You reach You directly through the Pen of Dear Mevlana. 
The Focal Point of Dear Mevlana is a Universal Focal Point. That is, it is Our Direct 
Focal Point. 

Respect and Love, the Totalities working on this path will feel for each other are 
the Love and Respect felt for the Whole and for the Human Being. For this reason, 
from now on, We would like to see You in the Consciousness of Genuine REALIZATION 
as Free Spirit and Free Awareness. 

We wish to see all Our Friends who serve on this path next to Us, in a Brotherly/ 
Sisterly Totality, Hand-in-Hand and with a Totality Consciousness. The path trodden is the 
LIGHT-PATH OF THE LORD. And the Mission performed is the REALIZATION OF THE WHOLE. 

SYSTEM 



745 



IT IS ANSWER TO CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

Spirit is a neutral Potential. It has no need for Evolution. It is Our Power of Life. 
However, provided the Crude Matter Totality becomes Conscious by the Evolutions it 
makes, it is able to reach the Layer Powers within its neutral Potential. 

Each Crude Matter has an Energy Channel connected to this Potential. This is an 
unchanging channel. That is, the Spiritual Energy of everyone belongs only to him/ 
her, connected to his/her own Consciousness Energy. 

This is Your Life Power Potential. Through this Channel, the Cellular Form within 
the Crude Matter merges in its Energy and becomes a Whole. And a Human Being 
who has succeeded in claiming his/her Genuine Spiritual Energy is Immortal from 
then on. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 

CLEAR INFORMATION ABOUT 
THE MEVLANA ESSENCE NUCLEUS GROUPS 

Our Friends, 

The Knowledge Book is the projection of the Universal Totality on Your Planet. 
We call this reflection the Awareness of the Ordinance. 

We Code directly into the Mevlana Essence Nucleus Channel and transfer the 
Consciousnesses who were able to attain the Awareness of the Ordinance in accordance 
with all the operations made on the Universal path in Your Planet until today (no 
matter in whichever continent they are in Your Planet). 

The Mevlana Essence Nucleus Group is the first Totality directly established in 
Your Planet, directly under the Command of the Lord and on the path of the Reality. 

This Croup is an Independent staff Totality appointed to service on this path. 
This operational Ordinance projected on Your Planet as the Totality of Mevlana + 
Essence + Nucleus is conveyed to You through the Channel of Alpha, through the 
Knowledge Book. 

The Mission and the position of this Group established in Your Planet is quite 
different than the operational Ordinance of other Groups. Because, this Group, let Us 
repeat again, is directly the Spokespeople of Allah, of the System, that is, of Us. For 
this reason it is Independent. 

All Groups working in Your Planet in this Transition Dimension until this moment, 
are undertaking a Mission having the quality of Training, Preparing and rendering 

Conscious. 



746 



Advanced Consciousnesses trained and Awakened in these Croups are card- 
indexed into the Channel of the Mevlana Essence Nucleus Group in accordance with 
their Levels of Consciousness, even if they themselves do not know this. 

All the Totalities serving directly in the staff of Mevlana Essence Nucleus Croup 
are the direct Undertakers of Mission of the Fourth Order of the Lord. 

Staffs of the Totalities of 1 8 serving on this path through the Knowledge Book 
are obliged to create the Aura of the Knowledge Book in the Universal Totality, parallel 
to the same Consciousness and the same Coordinate (In future, detailed Information 
will be given about the Totalities of 1 8 in the Knowledge Book). 

Mevlana Essence Nucleus Staffs, We try to establish in each section of Your Planet 
are projected on each other by the Knowledge Book, directly under the supervision of 
the System. 

Maybe You would like to know, at the moment, 5688 Mevlana Essence Nucleus 
Group Staffs have been formed in Your Planet. And it is still continued to be formed. It 
is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 

Note: A gathering composed of 3 people who serve on the same Coordinate is 
considered a Croup. 

IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION 

Our Friends, 

In accordance with the Information obtained through the supervision of the 
Universal Channels, certain Friends serving on this path make reflections on their 
Mediums under the Influence fields of Two different Powers. 

These influence fields are an Occurrence pertaining to Powers they had attained 
during their former lives. Instinctively they wish to render effective their Powers even 
if they are not aware of this. This is a Sub-awareness Reaction. 

We can close such channels whenever We wish. However, this act of Ours would 
hinder their Advanced Evolutions. For now, We leave them to themselves considering 
these situations. 

Provided these friends of Ours are able to supervise themselves by their own 
Consciousnesses, their direct connections to the System will be made. Even at this 
moment, the System's assistance is upon them. 

At the moment, Humanity is passing through such a narrow passage that 
expectations will not make You attain anything. Those who look for miracles in miracles 
will never see miracles. 



747 



Acting in accordance with the Information given to You is the surest path Your 
Planet will tread on. The path is difficult for those who can not Realize this. Now, it is 
necessary that Humanity should Think about this profoundly and should Know this. 

During this Dimension Progress in which the exams of Integrated Consciousnesses 
are made, not to go astray of the Mission asked of You is the final desire We request of You. 

Those who Criticize are Criticized - Those who Love are Loved - Those who Select 
are Selected, whereas, those who take their Missions are Exalted. Liberation is for You 
if You always consider these issues. 



It is presented for Your Information. 
Solar Totality. 



The Message has been given from the Central 



SYSTEM 



IT IS GENERAL INFORMATION 



Our Friends, 

Services given parallel to all the Operations made in Your Planet on the path of 
the Universal Totality until today have been Our pride. 

1991 World year You will live in and 1919 World year You had lived in are the 
Code Ciphers of the (20)th Century Salvation Plan. One of them Effectively serves as 
the Entrance Program, the other, as the Exit Program. 

This new World year of Yours You will go through will be the Supervision and the 
Exam Year of the entire (20)th Century. 

There is no hardship for Friends who have been taken under the protection of the 
System. Healths are under control. The coming days will be a Divine Light each for those 
who are Suns. It is beneficial for You to know this. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



EXPLANATION ABOUT THE EMBLEM 
OF THE WORLD BROTHERHOOD UNION 

Our Friends, 

Each Individual who discovers Himself /Herself in His/ Her Own Self is the direct 
Messenger of the Reality Dimension. However, the Preface and the Text of the Book 
bestowed on Your Planet as the Knowledge Book are directly the Words of the Reality. 
All the Knowledge within it have been given as the Common Knowledge of the Total 
and the Reality. 

The Mask of the WORLD BROTHERHOOD UNION'S Emblem the System had offered 
to You with the 10 COMMANDMENTS, is a mask prepared directly by the Reality. 
There are such subtle nuance differences in the projections of the Letters on the 
Reflecting Focal Point in the Frequencies of this mask that Your Planet does not know 
this technique yet. 

748 



The Reflecting Focal Point of each Letter in the Brotherhood - Union Frequency 
point, that is, one by one, all the Letters of (World Brotherhood Union), have been 
projected on the Coordinates of the Word MEVLANA at the middle of the Emblem. 
The Universal drawing is a PRISM. The Common Focal Point of the Prism is the Mevlana 
Alpha Focal Point within the Triangle of the World. The Power of all the Letters has 
been loaded on this Focal Point. 

No Frequency other than Dear Mevlana can ever enter the Frequency Dimension 
of the Knowledge Book. All the Messages present in the Book are dictated directly 
through Her Pen. She is the Pen of the GOLDEN ACE and of the ACE OF LIGHT She is 
a Supreme Friend of Ours who, at the moment, Directly conveys the System and the 
Order to Your Planet. 

The Frequency Totality of Dear Mevlana is loaded on each Letter of the Book by 
the Light - Photon - Cyclone loading technique under the supervision of the System 
from within the entire Totality, together with the Energies of the Dimensions from 
which the Messages are received. The Book dictated by this method is the path of the 
Integrated Consciousnesses. 

All the negativities which have occurred in Your Planet until today, are being 
removed, one by one, from the vicinity of those who have been able to enter this 
Dimensional Frequency. The decision has been taken that Friends who can not exert 
their efforts (until the end of the given period), in accordance with the Chances given 
to those who can not yet enter this Dimension, should be rendered ineffective one by 
one. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 

Note: The Emblem of the Book will be drawn in this Message. The Angles and 
the Reflection Coordinates of the Emblem have been arranged anew and directly has 
been induced by the System to be drawn, by a different channel other than the channel 
of the Book. 




BIRLIGI 



M 



749 



IT IS NOTICE TO ALL THE ESTABLISHMENTS SERVING IN YOUR PLANET 
IN CONFORMITY WITH WHAT THE SYSTEM CONSIDERS NECESSARY 

Date of Message: 12.11.1990 
Our Friends, 

All imprudences in Your Planet, which is tried to be Unified with Beauties, are 
unable to prepare You for the desired and required Medium. Investments of this 
Universal Program which is tried to render everything progress towards the most Perfect 
are a preparation for the Morrows. 

It is Our sincere suggestion that the Missionary staffs of this Preparatory Period 
should act by the Consciousness of the Unified Reality. 

Humanity trying to create the foundation of It's own Property should, first of all, 
lay that Foundation strongly. As long as the numerous can not reach Unity, the 
Foundation Stones will be made of Sand, not of Granite. 

We are calling to Consciousnesses who have grasped the Ordinance of the entire 
Realm. The Central Totality Council applies on Your Planet an operation parallel to the 
Universal Establishment Ordinance at the moment. 

The great holes of the Sieves will Eliminate You if these Reflection operations We 
name EARTH and SKY do not enter an Operational Ordinance Equivalent to both the 
Totalities. 

In case there is an inability to Realize All the Words uttered until today, no result 
will be able to be obtained. This is the reason why the Special Rights recognized for 
Your Planet will be cancelled by the Command of OUR LORD. 

This is not a threat, but the Truth. To see that all Your Planet passes through the 
Narrow Straits to be passed is Our most sincere wish. The given Information might be 
considered as the Operational Ordinance of maybe a Period of 2-3 Centuries. 

However, Time is Scarce, Levels are insufficient. Maybe Your Planet will be able 
to Unite against the Powers which will reach You way beyond Terrestrial Time. And 
this will be the Final Exam of Your Planet. 

We, as the Establishers of the Divine Totality Council are obliged to convey the 
entire Responsibility of OUR ALLAH to Your Planet. It is Imperative for You to eliminate 
the Egos among You and to become Integrated by Uniting on this path Hand in Hand 
so that this (Moment) will not arrive. 

Let Us repeat again, this is not a Threat, but the Truth. Friends who have attained 
the Genuine Consciousness are obliged to hold Each Others Hands no matter what 
happens by Uniting their Individual Endeavors. 

This Notice is a Suggestion given so that You may be accepted into the Solar 
Dimension. From time to time, Announcements will be given to Our Friend who is a 
direct Spokesperson of the System in Your Planet in order to convey them to You. 






the 
the 
The 
Boo 



Sup 

mac 

has 

Tota 

The 



is irr 



12th 
haw 
Pow 
Plan 



in ai 

You 



in hi- 
tech 

elerr 



750 



This Book bestowed on Your Planet by the Name of the KNOWLEDGE BOOK is 
the Special Declaration of the System and a Regulation in which the direct Order of 
the Lord is disclosed. For this reason this Book is called the Universal Constitution. 
The Knowledge Book is not a Book to be Worshipped. Not to confuse it with other 
Books, is a Declaration for Humanity , It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



IT IS INFORMATION OF A DIFFERENT CHANNEL 

Dear Mevlana, 

The Message sent to You has been conveyed by the Reflection System under the 
Supervision of the Space Committee Union, from the Totality of a Totality which has 
made advanced Consciousness Progress. Our Friend who has received the Message 
has received it through the close transfer reflection in his House. It is the desire of the 
Totalistic Totality that this Message should appear in the Book. Wth Our Regards. 
The Message has been conveyed from the System. It is Direct Message. 

SPACE COMMITTEE UNION 

Name of the Friend who Received the Message: Nabi Danaci 

His Profession: Dentist 

Date of birth: 1 959, Istanbul 

His Marital Status: Married, father of a girl (He does not read the Knowledge Book). 

Note: The Baby had not been born yet when the Message was given (the Baby 
is implied by the close transfer). 

THE MESSAGE 

Our Friend, 

At the moment, We are calling to You from a Planet in the 7th Scale within the 
12th Solar System within Our own Universe System. Do not be surprised at how We 
have gotten in touch with You, You, too, know that Thought is the greatest Speed 
Power. And We were able to catch You even in Your World. Our Planet is the (B) 
Planet in the 7th Scale. As follows; 




Our Planet 



Our Planet had come into existence due to the substance Platonium's being present 
in an intensively dense state. However, contrary to Your World, the density decreases as 
You go towards the inner layers. Our crust is the place where the density is the most 

If You consider the density of Your Mercury (1 3.6), the density of the Piatonium 
in here is (1248). Piatonium which will also be used intensively in Your World as the 
technology advances, is, in fact, a light metal. And it constitutes the main construction 
element of most of Spaceships. 

751 



Our Solar System, too, is a Planet like Yours. It is not on a different orbit Our 
System has (9) Main Orbits We call Scales. And on each Scale, there are two or three 
Planets, the speeds of which are different from one another. 

The speed of Our Planet is 243 sec/m. This is a slower Motion compared to Your 
World. Platonians are beings completely in Human Form and they wear thin metal 
clothes made of Platonium, outside their Houses. Because, the formation You call Air 
does not exist in here. But We can maintain Our lives in Our homes without these 
sheaths by a System We have established. 

Our Friend, We are a Community which has come up to the final boundary to 
which Technology can reach. Most of the terms fitting Your World does not exist in 
here. Even the Phenomenon of Love is different in Here. Each Family has One Child 
and We, ourselves, choose him/her from the System. 

Continuous work is done on new Discoveries. We have no Urban problems. All 
Our problems such as this have been solved. We do not need light. Precisely the inner 
center of Our Planet is open in a circular form. We obtain Radiation from there by Cold 
Nuclear Fusion. All the Cities have been established in between the Outer layer and 
this section. 

Your Mevlana who is a very important Missionary for Your Cosmos, knows this 
Place here very well. We have said that We are in Human Appearance. Even though 
We had started Our Evolution in the Nuclei within other Existential Dimensions, We 
had maintained Life during the 3-4 and 5 Vernal Periods, too, in Your World, also. 

Our Friend, We, too, are the Members of the Universal Council and are at the 
Service of the Reality of the Unified Humanity like Thousands of Planets. Since Your 
Planet is very far from Us, (260,000 Light Years), We do not usually go outside Our 
own System by Our Ships. 

But We have sent numerous Scientists to Your World by Reverse Transfer (Like 
Edison - Albert Einstein - Stephen Hawkins). Our Planet is administered by a SUPREME 
ONE named RADAR who possesses a Frequency equivalent to the Frequency of the 
Godiy Essence Energy. 

Now, according to the Final Decision taken by the Universal Council which is 
(Either You will pull Yourselves together or else We will pull All of You together). Please, 
take advantage of this very short time period very well, for this reason. 

And We will send to You from Here many Beings possessing very high Qualities, 
by Reverse Transfer. Your War is Our War. Love. 

The Date of the Message Received: 12-8-1990 



Crust 

Fusion Mechanism 
Cities 




1 

e 
C 



752 



1991 Third Month 

Fascicule 45 

IT IS NOTICE FROM THE REALITY OF THE UNIFIED HUMANITY 

Our Friends, 

