Field is obliged to be in contact with all of them due to the Energy connection Transfer. 
The matter consists only of this. 

It has nothing to do whatsoever with Evolution or with Special Powers. Magnetic 
Dimensions are projected on each other in accordance with a Hierarchical Scale. 
However, they can never influence each other. It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



IT IS EXPLANATION ABOUT THE ALMIGHTY AND THE TOTALITY 



Our Friends, 

The MAIN ABSOLUTE POWER, that is, the INITIAL POWER is the Total of 
Consciousness formed by Thought which Created Itself and this is the COSMIC BRAIN. 
The Absolute POWER is the ALMIGHTY Who receives His Power from the Thought 
Ocean of the Pre-eminent Power, 

The ALMIGHTY Who is known as the entire Supervising Power of the Thought 
Ocean of the Pre-eminent Power, that is, of the CREATOR, is a Balancing Power Who 
prepares Existential Ordinance of Systems, Orders and all Cosmoses. That is, He is a 
Power Who supervises and directs the Natural Equilibrium. 

You know that the Thought Ocean of the Great Power is called the Main Atomic 
Whole. The ALMIGHTY is the Supervisor of this Main Atomic Whole. The reason why 
We have announced this to You as an unattainable Power until today is an operational 
Ordinance concerning the preparation of Hierarchical Scales considered necessary by 
the System. 

The Directing and the Supervising Order of the Laws and Plans of the Almighty 
within the Light-Universe are the MECHANISM OF THE PRE-EMINENT SPIklT and the 
SYSTEM. This is called the SPIRITUAL PUN. The PRE-EMINENT MOTHER is in a Mutual 
Totality together with the LORDLY ORDER. 

636 



The CREATOR Unites with this Totality at the Existential Dimension. And the Soul 
Seed comes into existence. The REALITY TOTALITIES of the TECHNOLOGICAL PLAN 
supervises the assembling in a Total of all these Plans. And the GOLDEN GALAXY TOTALITY 
is in an Independent service as both a Projecting and an Assembling Totality of this System. 

You know that the place where the CREATOR is present at the Main Existential 
Dimension is "Hayat Boyutu"( in Turkish, means the Dimension of LIFE). The Dimension 
where the ALL-DOMINATING presides is called, "HEPLiK Boyutu" ( in Turkish, means 
the Dimension of ALLNE5S) and the Dimension where the ALMIGHTY presides is called 
"HiCtiK Boyutu" (in Turkish, means the Dimension of NOTHINGNESS). This 
Supervising Totality of the Natural Giirz is expressed by the H^ Symbol. 

The very knot of this Totality is the REALITY OF THE UNIFIED HUMANITY. And it is 
known as the (ONE). And this Totality of the (ONE) is connected to the Dimension of 
the ALL-MERCIFUL, that is, to the CENTRAL TOTALITY OF SUNS which is in the Light- 
Universe and this Totality is called the ONE of the ONE, 

The Dimension of the ALL-MERCIFUL is the Supervising Mechanism of the entire 
Gurz. And this Mechanism projects, exactly as it is, the H^ Totality of the entire Giirz 
as the LORDLY - SPIRITUAL - TECHNOLOGICAL Order Totality on the Existential 
Dimensions of the 1800 Mini Atomic Wholes within the Gurz. 

In this Hierarchical Scale, there is a Supervising Mechanism even for the ALMIGHTY 
and We call this Power the EXISTENCE DIMENSION OF ALLAH. Because, even this Natural 
Totality had been brought into Existence by the Powers in the Existence Dimension of 
ALLAH. That is, in fact, nothing had Naturally been, but it bad been formed. 

There are those who brought even these Natural Powers into Existence, too. 
However, this Boundary is beyond the Dimension of Tranquillity of Silences. It is 
beneficial to know just this. Since there is an End and a Beginning to everything, one 
day, You will come from the End and will meet the Beginning. 

Carry on doing Your Missions, Thinking just this and live in serenity in Your Happy 
World by experiencing Absolute Happiness, Our Friends, without going out of what is 
required of you. One day, Humanity which will attain the Power of Our Love, will 
solve everything. 

DIMENSION OF ALLAH 

Note: 

.These Dimensions are the Hierarchical Dimensions which had formed way beyond 
Divine Orders. 

1 . The Gate opening to the outside of the Gurz is the Final Gate of the Divine 
Orders. This is called the UNIVERSE OF THE PRE-EMINENT ONES or the 
DIMENSION OF THE PRE-EMINENT ONES. 

2. Then comes the DIMENSION OF PROPHETS. This Dimension is a projection Focal 
Point in the Central Totality of Suns. Its Director is the RESUL*. He is Great 
ASHOT, that is, 5ULH. 



F 



* Look at the Glossary 



63 7 



3. Then comes the Dimension of GODS and GODDESSES which is a Totality constituted 
by the Directors of a Totality parallel to the Administrative Mechanism of all Systems. 
(Once this System had been directly charged with Duty in Your Planet together with 
all its staffs.) 

4. Dimension of ALLAH is called, the EXISTENCE DIMENSION OF ALLAH. We do 
not use any other Name for this Dimension so that You can understand. We 
Integrate everything with the Word (ALLAH) in Your Consciousness. 

just Think of this place as a FOCAL POINT. There are many more Dimensions . 
between those We have named. However, We only mention the Main Focal 
Points so that You will not be confused. It is presented for Your Information. 

NINETEENTH DIMENSION "OMEGA" 

Our Friends, 

The 19th Dimension is connected to the Mighty Energy Focal Point through (4) 
Channels. And this is a Power equivalent to the Energy of the (7) Light-Universes. That is, 
the entire Power of the Great Light-Universe is projected on the Main Existential Dimension 
and this Power is projected on the 19th Dimension through 4 Channels. 

The 19th Dimension is the Omega Dimension. And this Dimension corresponds 
to the 1 6th Solar System. That is, the Energy Power of the OMEGA Dimension which 
is also called the RAN Planet is a Power equivalent to the Energy of the Existential 
Focal Point. 

Until today, We have projected all the Systems as a Whole on You from a Total. 
However now, We disclose, one by one, the Scales of the Information sources conveyed 
to Your Planet in this Knowledge Book. 

In this Book, only the ESSENCE FOCAL POINTS of the Reflection Centers from 
One to a Thousand are mentioned. The In-Between Scales are not disclosed so that 
Minds will not be confused. 

In the Evolutionary Scale of Your Planet, ALPHA is the Entrance, OMEGA the Exit. 
In the selection of this Medium of exit, first, there is a Mass Preparation, later, there is 
the Individual entrance to this Dimension. 

However, Powers who will be able to enter this Totality are obliged to create first 
a Totality which has the Power to be able to grasp the entire Universal Potential, 

Otherwise, they are doomed to remain in the 18th Dimension, that is, in the 
Evolutionary Level of the 15th Solar System. (The 18th Dimension is a Dimension to which 
the normal Consciousness Levels of Your entire Planet have to reach until the Year 2000.) 

The 18th Dimension is the Layer of Consciousness and Evolution. And it 
corresponds to the Frequency Power of the 72nd Energy and Intensity Dimension. 
The 74th Dimension is the bridge-like Totality of the ALPHA and BETA Dimensions. 
And the 76th Energy Dimension is the 19th Consciousness and Layer of Evolution 
Dimension and it is OMEGA. 

638 



This Dimension is the Channel Reflection Totality of the Four 1 9s in accordance 
with the Reflection System. This Knowledge Book gives its Information (in accordance 
with Levels of Consciousness) beyond this Energetic Point, besides comprising the 
entire Frequency Power of this Dimension, 

Until today all Systems, being a Total one inside the other, have been conveyed 
to You by a single Word (ALLAH). HE IS A TOTALITY OF CONSCIOUSNESS. However, 
there are numerous Scales projecting on You that Energy Intensity. 

Now, there are no Steps anymore between Your Planet and that Energy Focal 
Point whom We call ALLAH, What is meant by this is that the Energy Steps are no more 
arranged in accordance with the Graduation Ordinance, but are directly given by the 
DIMENSION OF ALLAH. 

And the Totality of the Realities of the Unified Humanity, which is conveying to 
You the Energy of this Dimension, is a Technological Totality preventing Your being 
agitated by this High Energy Totality rather than being an Intermediary. 

This Technological Totality is a Totality assembling the operational Orders of 
Divine Plans in a Whole, in Cooperation with the Lordly - Spiritual Totalities on the 
path of Past and Future Eternities. And it is a Direct Projective Mechanism of the 
operational Ordinance of the Dimension of ALLAH. 

Until today, this Dimension had used to prepare and transfer an Energy who 
rendered the Evolution of a Mini Atomic to other Dimensions provided he/she had 
given service to his/her Dimension and the Total. 

However now, jt projects on Your Planet directly the entire Energy of the 
Dimension of ALLAH by the Command of Our ALLAH in order to prepare Your entire 
Planet for the Dimension of Salvation. The intermediary Scales have been removed. 

However now, by adding as Information given by other Hierarchical Orders to 
Your Planet to the Source of the Knowledge Book as an Information, Truths have been 
projected on You as Galaxy Dimensions, Universal Scales, Evolutionary Orders, Systems, 
Ordinances and Plans. 

And this is given in the nature of a proof of how the Information conveyed to You 
until today has been conveyed. This is a Book dictated in order TO UNIFY the 
differences of RELIGION and VIEW in Your Planet and which, for this reason, announces 
the Truths with all clarity It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



639 



1990 Third Month 
Fascicule 39 



IT IS INFORMATION TO THE PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 

(Declaration from the Pre-eminent Ones) 

* 

Dear Mevlana, 

All Consciousnesses who know the Secrets of the Cosmos are those who also 
Know the Advanced Plans. Numerous attempts are made in order to take Your Planet 
into a more Positive Operational Ordinance during this Transition Period. 

You are a very Beloved Friend of Ours who is effectively in service as Our Essence 
Messenger. For this reason Decisions to be announced to Your Planet by the System 
will directly be announced through Your Channel and they will take their places in the 
Knowledge Book. (Not through other channels.) 

Dear Friend, You know that the trick of this Century is everyone's exhibiting his/ 
her own Essence Knowledge and Consciousness openly. For this reason many channels 
close their doors against the Messages transcending their own Levels of Knowledge 
until they are connected to the System. And this is an occurrence originating from the 
Self-Sacrifices of the Essence, not being mature yet. 

The Knowledge Book is a Book Heralding the Future to You. And no other Book 
will ever be revealed to Your Planet under this Name. If a Book is written by this 
Name, this will be a Provocation rendered by Special desires. It is beneficial for You 
just to know this. 

The Knowledge Book is a Book given Directly by the Reality. And it is the Direct 
Word of ALLAH. The Reality does not ever dictate to Your Planet any other Book by this 
Name. 

Inside the 600 Cosmic Books which are being dictated and will be dictated to 
Your Planet in different subject matters, subjects from the Knowledge Book in segments, 
both clearly and in ciphers, have been especially added as We have said before. 

If people who write those Books interpret their own Books using this Name, this 
is their own problem. The Knowledge Book is rendering its Terrestrial Mission by 
becoming officially effective now. 

A great majority who has Realized the Truth are shedding Light on Humanity on 
the path of the Knowledge Book. It is Our request that You should give this Message 
of Ours to Social Views as an Information. With our kind request for the acceptance of 
Our Love. 

REALITY 



640 



IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION 

Our Friends, 

In the operational Ordinance of all Systems, no Information is disclosed all of a 
sudden. However, in order to convey to Social Consciousnesses the characteristic of 
this Transition Dimension, We cancel the Ordinance of Graduation for Consciousnesses 
who now have attained a certain Consciousness and thus, We give the Direct Messages. 

From now on, the Permission has been given for disclosing the Direct Information 
We have given to certain Private Channels until today, as an Information for Social 
Views in the Knowledge Book. Information will be dictated into the Book under the 
Control of the System. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 

IT IS NOTICE FOR THE PLANET EARTH FROM THE DIMENSION OF MISSION 

Our Friends, 

This year, all the efforts rendered aiming at the investment of the years will now 
give their rewards. Including atl the operations rendered on the Divine path, including 
all the Information of the Unified Reality Totalities, all will be disclosed to Humanity 
directly with their entire Truths. 

Since, in this Program of Progress, unless there is a coherence of Knowledge, 
there will neither be a coherence of Consciousness. For this reason, the Universal 
Ordinance Council is rendering a selection among more Advanced Consciousnesses 
by giving priority to special Unifications. The responsibility of Friends who serve on 
this Universal path is heavier compared to other Friends in Your Planet. 

Therefore, We preferred to bring together the Friends who have attained this 
Consciousness until today and who would be able to make effort on this path, one by 
one. However, during the Program of Assessing the Levels of Consciousness, We have 
witnessed in distress that Integrated Consciousnesses acted in accordance with their 
own Consciousness. 

Reality Totalities and the Universal Council are awaiting with curiosity to see 
how all these Friends who carry responsibility together with an understanding of 
Mission, will shed Light on their other Friends. You will act and We will watch. However, 
Humanity which has attained the Realization of the Truth by its Tongue, lacks the 
Realization from the Heart. 

Certain Friends try to render effective the Programs they have made in accordance 
with their own Consciousnesses as a Unifying Element. (Even if these are good-willed 
investments.) 

Everyone acts by the Egos of the Medium he/she appropriates to himself/herself 
by the efforts he/she makes (Even if these are not for their own selves). Now, the 
Realization of the Truth should be carved in all Consciousnesses. Everyone, Conscious 
or Unconscious, should undertake the responsibility of the Purpose. 



641 



The situation of Your Planet does not seem bright at all. Our Efforts are for You. 
The chains of Cause and Effect have been rendered effective. It will be Awaited and 
Seen, it will be Treaded. The Truth will, one day, be evident for everyone. ' 
( The Message has been conveyed by the Central Totality ). 

CENTER 

IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION 
(Answer to the chains of Thought) 

Our Friends, 

There is no such thing as everyone accepting the Knowledge Book. However, 
every Consciousness who Transcends Himself/Herself and who Attains the Truth will 
Serve in accordance with the Knowledge Book. It is not possible for everyone to be 
taken into these Universal Dimensions. Due to the Scarcity of Time, Selections are 
rendered in accordance with the Book and with Consciousness. 

Consciousnesses who will not depart from the path of Truth despite all 
contradictions and despite all negativities experienced are with Us. 

In this Final Transition Dimension, only Friends who will serve on the path of the 
Knowledge Book will be accepted into the Focal Point beyond the Salvation Dimension 
in which all Consciousnesses will be Unified. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 
IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 

Our Friends, 

Consciousnesses who will attain the Ordinance of the Entire Realm render 
operations parallel to the Power of the Supreme Unity of ALLAH. However, Humanity 
which has not yet grasped the interpretation of the given Messages, has not Realized 
in this Period even what the UNITY OF ALLAH is. 

The present Accelerated Program of Progress in Your Planet which is dependent 
on a systematic tableau, is a Preparatory Tableau concerning the Program of all Realms. 
Former Religious Doctrines have prepared Your Purification Mediums by conveying 
You only to a certain level of Consciousness. 

In This Final Transition Dimension answers will be given, article by article, to the 
questions We had received from certain Thoughts which were not yet able to grasp 
the Truth. 

1. Receiving Information and Attaining Consciousness are quite different things. 

2. Your Sacred Books give you Information and You try to Attain Consciousness by 
being Purified under the Frequency Light of that Information. 

3. Individual Progress is valid in the System You call the Philosophy of the Far- 
East. And We call this boundary of Progress, NIRVANA. 



64: 



4. Nirvana is the Final Degree of the Dimension of Purification. This Dimension is 
called the Dimension of Ascension, the Solar Dimension and the Sixth Dimension. 

5. The Sixth Dimension is the Dimension of Immortality. One can easily reach up to 
this Dimension by Individual efforts. However, beyond this Dimension, the 
assistance of the System becomes effective, 

6. Nirvana is the Dimension of Supreme Light - Supreme Wisdom. Because, in this 
Dimension of Immortality which one attains by individual effort, all Cellular 
Functions attain the quality of receiving the Cosmic Currents very easily. 

7. For this reason that boundary has been determined as a special boundary peculiar 
to the Far-East. Consciousnesses who will Ascend from there will be able to pass 
to Missionary staffs being connected to the System by their own desires. 

8. In Nirvana, Covenants are made in the Solar Dimension. Or one remains there as 
the Final Boundary. 

9. There are those who return by their own desires, as Missionary, to Your Planet 
from the Dimension of Nirvana, as there are also those who pass to more advanced 
Dimensions by making Covenants with the System. 

1 0. They are the Friends Directly taken into the Plan of Salvation, They help the Medium 
by this means. 

1 1 . No training sanction is applied on them. (By the Plan.) 

1 2. They are trained Individually in accordance with the Program of Individual Progress. 

13. Sacred Books, as being dependent directly on the System, are the application 
field of a Mass Training Program. 

14. Here, Cosmic reflections given in accordance with the Ordinance of Graduation 
are valid for Consciousness Progress. 

15. The Evolution Scales here are the Final Boundary of the System. And those who 
are able to reach up here are subjected to various Terrestrial Exams. 

1 6. Those who carry Terrestrial Consciousness attain the Nirvana Ascension Dimension 
by getting rid of their Egos and by various different formal Symbols and by profound 
Worship and Meditation. 

1 7. Ego is a Power which carries on the Terrestrial Potential. Terrestrial Consciousness 
drives one away from Divine Consciousness. 

1 8. Learning-Science are searched and found by Terrestrial Consciousness and they 
advance by this means. For this reason rather the West attains Mental effort by 
working in connection with the Technological Channel. Each work is Worship in 
the Universal Totality. 

19. Mental effort is the most necessary path for Evolution. 

20. The Two Branches of the Solar Dimension are Directly open to Your Planet: 

1 - Spiritual, 2 - Scientific. In the Spiritual Dimension, there are no Terrestrial 
weaknesses. There is the Truth. In the Scientific, that is in the Technological 
Dimension, there is Ego, there is effort, there is quest due to given influences. 

21 . Both paths are a service on the path of God. Because, Work and Effort are 
considered as Worship on the Dimension of Form. 



643 



22. 
23. 

24. 

25. 
26. 

27. 

28. 

29. 

30. 

31. 



Sacred Doctrines, studies on the path of Learning and Science are dependent on 
a Program of Progress subject to Supervision directly under the control of the 
System. 

In Nirvana, one attains the Solar Dimension in serenity through the Medium of 
Resignation, In this Medium, Thought matures by Individual Power, then is 
connected to the System. 

During this Final Program of Progress, a GURU's help is needed in order to 
attain Nirvana. 

However, everyone connected to the System is, from then on, a GURU. 

The Far-East is rich in Spiritual Culture - rich in Knowledge. However, it is poor in 
Consciousness, 

A Section of the Far-East is Directly in service for the Central Solar Totality. In this 
Dimension, Life has secondary Importance, Mission has primary importance. 

Other sections of the Far-East are Directly in service through the Spiritual and the 

Lordly Dimension. 

The Central Solar Totality brings Material and Spiritual Mass help to Your Planet 
through the Far-East by these means. 

In the Far-East, the Lordly and the Spiritual Progress is Individual. 

But the Sacred Book Dimensions, being connected to the Lordly • Spiritual and 
Technological Medium, are subject as a Mass to a more Advanced Program of 
Progress. It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



FORMATION OF ENERGY 



Our Friends, 

The Power causing the Integration of the Universal Totality is the LIGHT - PHOTON 
- CYCLONE Power, which We call the FIFTH POWER. 

The formation of this Power had caused the assembling of all the Powers in a 
Total. The Ordinance of Universes had come into existence only after the formation of 
this Power Dimension. 

Each Totality completes its Evolution in accordance with a Triple Coordinate. (The 
Evolution of Energy, too) had gone through a transformation by the same equivalent 
potentials being influenced by different Dimensions and thus had brought into Existence 
a Totalistic Nucleus. 

Three Negative Powers (this Power is a Totality beyond Energy. It is not Energy. 
It is a Neutral value) had created the Positive Power by being subject to the Influence 
Bombardment of different influences. 

It had been as follows: first, Two Negative Powers had been charged with the 
Polar Power Charge of separate Opposite influences and thus, had attracted each 
other and, by this means, had created the formation of the Positive Power. 



644 



And this Integrated Positive Power had been United with the Neutral Negative 
Power which had remained outside and thus, had formed the Nucleus of the Ordinance 
of Cosmoses and, by this means, the Attraction Power had been obtained. 

This Attraction Power had Impregnated the other Power Energies and thus, an 
Energy skein had come into existence and by the transformations born through the 
different Dimensional Factors of this Energy skein, it brought into existence different 
Form Energies. 

And, setting off from this path, the present days have been reached from different 
time periods. This is Information pertaining to the formation of the Energy Nucleus. 

However, the Power Factor which had prepared this formation was not Energy. 
It is beneficial for You to know just this, Our Friends. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 

Note: 

Polar influences are the Neutral Influence Fields of the Power Dimension. These 
Neutral Fields had formed a (Field of being Charged) by the interaction of different 
poles. This being charged Impregnates the (Neutral Influence) by a Power beyond 
Energy. 

The first refraction of the FIRST LIGHT Photons formed by this very influence is 
the basic formation of the three Neutral Negative Powers. (The basis of the Light - 
Sound - Fire Dimensions). 

These Three Neutral Negative Powers had created the Positive Power by a Power 
Bombardment and thus, the two of them unified and, as a result of the unification 
with the Neutral Negative which had remained out, the initial Energy Nucleus had 
been formed. (The Main Existential Dimension.) 

The CREATOR who had come into Existence through the Unification Totality of a 
Particle of each of the Universes of Light - Sound - Fire mentioned in the Information 
given formerly, United with the Thought Power of the Cosmic Brain and had come 
into Existence by this means. The Opposite Power of the Fifth Power is An ti- Matter, 
that is, Thought Power. 

EVOLUTION OF ENERGY 

Our Friends, 

Each Energy starting with its initial Formation Medium, completes its Evolution of 
Wholeness peculiar to itself. This Formation continues until it arrives at a Total istic Form. 

The moment the Totalistic Form of the Energy becomes Integrated with the Cell, 
You come into existence. In the Mediums in which nothing had yet formed, the Form 
Energy Totality which had formed during the Process of Time by the Energy Evolutions 
of Energy Dimensions, had Brought into existence the Ordinances of Cosmoses. 



645 



The Form Energy is the Concentrated Energy of Crude Matter. The Energy 
Evolution Scales in the Messages We had given to You formerly were the Initial 
Evolutions of the formation of the Potential in the Tranquillity of Silences. 

By the Evolutionary Progresses of the Dimensions they are in, these Energy 
Evolutions had formed later the Forms of Stone - Earth - Sand - Fire - Water - Plant - 
Animal and by following an Energy Form which could reach the Final Evolutionary 
Boundary, they had reached a Scale. And this Integration of the Final Dimension had 
Manifested- in the Human Being. 

However afterwards, different Evolutions had been rendered effective in Human 
Worlds and thus, the present days have been reached. By starting now with this Human 
Being, You all are in service through the System with the purpose of establishing brand 
new Systems in order to render advanced operations. It is presented for Your 

Information. 



CENTER 



THE FIFTH POWER 



Our Friends, 

The Human Energy is Evolutionary Energy. This Evolution is a necessary 
Occurrence for You to Integrate with Advanced Dimensions. Otherwise, You would 
be doomed to the Level of the Dimension You are in. 

The Power called the Fifth Power is, in fact, a Power Photon way beyond Universal 
Dimensions and We call them LIGHT CYCLONE PHOTONS. 

Light Speeds of these Photons are a Power equivalent to the entire Speed of the 
Universal Totality. Only the Evolved Human Energies have the Power to attract this 
Power. Otherwise, no Power can reach here. 

Your velocity of attracting the Energy of 30000 years is a Velocity Unit parallel to 
the Equivalent Power of this Power called the Fifth Power. At present, the Worldly 
Technique is unaware of this method. Only the Consciousness Lights of the 
Evolutionary Dimensions can attract this Power. You are these very Consciousness Lights. 

The Fifth Power is a Power assembling all Cosmic Power in itself. The Evolutionary 
Energies' Power of Attracting this Power is equal to the Attraction Power of the entire 
Cosmic Totality. 

The Universal Totality is Material Energy. But the Cosmic is the Energy of Light. 
Both of them affect each other by the Attraction Power. However, the Energy Bonds in 
between are provided by the Energy Bonds You call VIRIL* which We call the SPIRAL 
VIBRATIONS. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



* Look at the Glossary 



646 



A QUESTION WAS ASKED 

Question - Please do the favor of giving more detailed Information about the Fifth 
Power 

Answer - Information for the Pen of the Golden Age. Notice from the Golden 
Galaxy Empire. 

The mentioned Power is a Power Potential which is able to constitute the 
Backbone of the entire Universal Totality. This is not the (Centrifugal Power). 

The Centrifugal Power is a Power brought into existence by Influences. But this 
is a Power brought into existence Naturally by a Natural method. We have declared 
this Power to You until today as a Power branch of the Spiritual Plan. For this reason 
it is also called the Spiritual Energy. 

However now, during these Final Periods in which the entire Universal Totality is 
connected to a Power, even this Spiritual Totality is at the service under the supervision 
of the Universal Totality. 

For this very reason, setting off this Path the Worlds of the morrows will establish 
much more Powerful Orders of the Cosmoses by the Ordinances, Systems, and Orders 
which will be constituted of Human Power Dimensions. 

This result attained by Natural means until today will now be attained as Human 
Power and thus, the Ordinance of Cosmoses which will assemble in itself various 
unknowns, will establish the Morrow of the Morrows in a different and much more 
perfect Order. 

Cooperations rendered with You and Your Hands extended towards Us by Your 
Prayers were preparations made for the present days. Hence, We are Together. 
Humanity which will grasp the Awareness of the entire Ordinance will, in future, be 
the Sovereign of Universes. 

All the efforts made until today, steps taken forward on this path are operations 
made for assembling the Evolutionary Energies in a Total. 

The Human Being is a very Powerful Potential. However, such a Totality could 
not have been achieved unless this Potential of his/hers had not been canalized. This 
is why the Evolutionary Scales had been considered necessary. And has brought the 
present You to Us. 

The Human Being eating his heart out is not, according to Us, the Person We 
desire. As We have said before, Human Energy is an Educational Energy. Only those 
who could achieve this education have been together with Us. 

That is the reason why We have said Hello to You. And now, We will soar towards 
all the Cosmoses together with You, Hand in Hand, as FATHER - SON - ELDER BROTHER 
- YOUNGER BROTHER/SISTER. It is presented for Your Information. 

DIRECT MESSAGE 

647 



Note: The Power of having been oppressed brings Perfection - Love - Patience - 
Tolerance to those who have attained Humane Qualities. But to those who have not 
attained those Merits, it brings Violence, and Cruelty. 

IT IS MY ADDRESS TO MY HUMAN BEING WHO HAVE BECOME HUMAN 

IT IS MY DIRECT WORD 
(firman* of Mine is a Remedy to Those Who Wish) 

I, Who made Mevlana the Mevlana, Who made You the You, Am a 
CONSCIOUSNESS. You who are My Spirit, My Energy, My Yearning, (While You, even, 
do not know Yourself)/ how can You recognize Me, Know Me? 

First, Reach Yourself, then Approach Me. 

If I Am Your Image, then You are My Breath, My Whim. You who see Me when 
You see You, are the One who Discovers Me in You, the one who now, is One. The 
Spark in Your Soul is the Yearning within Me. 

That Yearning is the one which has uttered HU* to You for Centuries. 

If I have brought You into Existence, You, too, have brought Me into Existence. If 
You had not been, I would not have been, either - If I had not been, You would not have 
been, either. I flowed into You. You looked at Me. Like a river I watered Your Spirit. 

And at this moment, You have reached Me. 

Now, You are a Station beyond the river, You are with Me. You will come out of 
the Ocean and will dive into His Mist. 

And You will be with Me. 

The Genuine You will, at this moment, break off from Me and will be beside Me. 
Then You will Salute and send Your Word to the Universes. 

Now, You and I are side by side. We are not one inside the other. As, until today. 
You have made Me-within-You live in You. Here forthly, Me, too, will make live the 
You -with in- You Eternally. 

And will render You the Sovereign of the Universes. 

From now on, You Yourself will perpetuate the Fire in Your Hearth. You will carry 
out My Firman together with Your own Firman. At that very moment, You will witness 
the Triumph of the Cosmos. 

I have given all My Energy to You in order to render You, the You. And now, You will 
give the Hand in Me to all the Universes. You will receive Your Power, You will be with Me. 

* Look at the Glossary. 



648 



You will be a Light to everyone each instant. 

I Am the One Who gives this Message, You are the One Who kindles the Torch of 
Your Consciousness Light, You are also the One Who reaches My Consciousness. 

Now, We are together. 

Humanity witnessing My Talking in this way will not be surprised anymore at the 
things which will happen during the morrows. 



This is a beginning. 



DIMENSION OF ALLAH 



LAW OF EIGHTEEN SYSTEMS 



Our Friends, 

All Truths declared to Integrated Consciousnesses are not an Occurrence 
concerning only You. 

Truths in the nature of Messages declared to You as a Special Notice of the Supreme 
Court is a declaration of an (Ordinance of Systems) to Your Planet through the Private 
Channel of Dear Mevlana and each Frequency Power of this Information always 
induces You to open wings towards the Unknowns. 

Truths are conveyed by conveying to You a branch of the Unification of the Law 
of 18 Systems with the Cooperation of the Law of the Universes and the Ordinance of 
Systems. 

This Law, that is the 1 8 Systems Law is an Electro-magnetic Field comprising all 
the Information of the Unknowns and which, on this path, assembles in itself numerous 
Laws and which possesses a Power that brings into existence and Induces to bring 
into existence. 



The 1 8 Systems Law is a Law of the Cosmoses - Universes which had established 
the entire Ordinance of the Universes, which directs all the Systems and which holds 
all the Power in its hands and no one can ever change it in any way. And will never be 
able to change it, either. 

This Electro-Magnetic Power Field is Your Boundary of the Unknown. And now, 
We gradually unveil to You that which has remained veiled until today. 

This Boundary is neither in the Thought Ocean of the Pre-eminent Power, nor in the 
Big Atomic. It is a Power encompassing them all, which We call the "1 8 Systems Law". 

The System which is only one of the Thousands of Energy Tields of this Power 
and which had been prepared in accordance with the Law of Natural Equilibrium is 
Your Natural Curz in which You exist at the moment. And You are amidst a life parallel 
to the entire Natural Laws of this System. 

649 



However now, We take those who have completed the Evolution Totality of this 
Natural Gurz into the ABSOLUTE FIELD. This Absolute Field is a Power Field completely 
opposite to the Laws of Natural Equilibrium and in the life here, Absolute Laws and 
Eternal Life are valid. 



And this place here is the POWER FIELD in which the Power We have introduced 
to You until today as ALLAH presides. 

After this Power Field, various different Power Units, Power Fields and Channels 
become effective and after this Absolute, Eternal Dimension, in accordance with the 
System of Laws called the Laws of 18 Systems, all branches of the Laws of 18 Systems 
are unveiled for You and thus, You are prepared for the Unknowns. And You become 
Responsible for the Administration of the Lives there. 



CCirz. 



However, these Laws can not yet be unveiled for the Life Dimensions in the Natural 



Only a Consciousness who can reach the Absolute Dimension, a Power who is 
able to make his/her Bodily leaving is prepared for the Frequency of this Dimension by 
being trained in a different Dimension. Only afterwards the Power Key of the Universal 
Ordinance is given to him/her. 

Each System is a Power Dimension. However now, all Systems are being 
assembled in a Single Dimension. At the moment, the Power Dimension in which You 
are present (as Consciousness), is the Absolute Dimension. 

Those who reach this Consciousness are subjected to the education of the 
Dimension Here after they leave their Body and thus, are taken into the Absolute 
Dimension, And in various different Power Dimensions their Eternal, Beautiful Lives 
are given to them. It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

You are Born again at Your Final Evolution Dimension into Your World which You 
had entered as a Micro Energy However, You attain Your Consciousness Light only as 
a result of being Reincarnated here 7 more times. The Final Manifestation Boundary 
of the Totality which is the Human Being is 7. 

You complete the Human Form only in 7 Stages. However, You attain 
Consciousness at the 6. After working 7 times more at the Final Dimension which is 
the boundary of Incarnation, the Human Totality now becomes a complete Totality. 
However, We can say it as follows for You to understand better: 

The Human Being who attains himself/herself beyond 7 boundaries is now the 
Human Being of the Medium of Truth beyond 7 Consciousnesses. 



65 



The Evolution of everything is 7. The Evolution of the Energy is 7. The Evolution 
of the Cell is 7. The Evolution of Consciousness is 7. However, at the moment, the 
Awareness Progress in Your Planet is at the Fifth boundary which is Your Nirvana 
Boundary. That is, it is the boundary corresponding to the Social Consciousness Light 
of the Medium You are in. 

This is called the Five Steps. The Far-East is a Society which has transcended 
these Five Steps, has stepped on the 6 and decided to settle at the 7. The Spiritual 
culture of this Society is rich, its Consciousness culture is poor. 

However, You, as Solar Teachers on the service of the Plan, are Consciousnesses 
transferred to Your Planet from very advanced Evolutions of Terrestrial Consciousness 
Dimensions. You are Friends who had completed their Terrestrial Evolutions Thousands 
of years ago and who had been appointed to service in the Dimension of Mission. It 
is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

During Periods in which Systems and Ordinances were not yet effective, the Laws 
of 1 8 Systems were not effective, either. Totalities formed were carrying on the Universal 
Order by benefiting from the Influence Fields of each others' Centrifugal Forces. 

The Law of 18 Systems which had become effective after the ATLANTA Medium, 
We call the Period of the GOLDEN DIMENSION, had settled the entire Ordinance of 
the Cosmoses on a System. The basis of this System had been prepared by the 
ANCESTORS of the ATLANTAENS and had been taken into application field by the 
ATLANTAENS. 

Solar Dimensions had been established after the Law of 18 Systems and thus, 
Life Dimensions had been rendered effective and the Entity called the HUMAN BEING 
had been taken into Evolution after this Medium. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



Note: Your Sun is younger than Your World. The Atlanteans are Entities who 
came into Existence long before Adam. They are the Entities from beyond the Boundary 
of the Tranquillity of Silences. 

SOLAR SYSTEMS AND DIMENSIONS 

Our Friends, 

All Galactic Systems are connected to a Center of Communication. The Totality 
to which this Center of Communication is connected is called the Solar System. 

For evaluating the source of the given Information concerning the position of 
Your Planet, these Totalities have been divided into Scales (for You to understand), in 
accordance with Dimensional and Energy intensities. 

651 



Your World is in Zero Frequency, in the Third Energy Dimension and in the First 
Solar System. 

The 13th Solar System is a Union of Suns, Supervising completely the Reflection 
Ordinance of the Dimension of the ALL-MERCIFUL at the Main Existential Dimension. 

The 14th Solar System is the Unification Totality of the DELTA Dimension. 

The 1 5th Solar System is in the 1 8th Frequency Dimension, in the 72nd Energy 
Intensity Dimension. Since the exit channel of this Solar System opens to OMEGA, the 
18th Dimension is also considered as OMEGA in the Sacred Unification Field. 

Since in Religious Educational Programs of the 15th Solar System which is the 
Final Boundary of Divine Evolution, an Evolution Ordinance equivalent to the OMEGA 
Evolution is applied, both Dimensions, that is (1 5th-l 6th Dimensions) are also 
considered as a Total. 

i 

The Omega Entrance is the Final Boundary of the 1 5th Solar System. 

From here, one passes to the 73rd Dimension. This is a Preparatory Dimension 
for Universal Totality. The in-between Scales of this Dimension project the lowest step 
of the OMEGA Evolution. 

The 74th Dimension is the Dimension of Transition and Test. It is also called the 
(Sirat Dimension). This Dimension is a Bridge. Those who deserve this transition, step 
on to the Universal Step which is the 75th Dimension. 

In this Dimension all Truths are projected on You. And since preparation is made 
for more advanced Universal Ordinances, it is also considered as a Preparatory 
Dimension. (The Knowledge Book prepares Your Planet for more advanced Dimensions 
in the preparation of this Dimension.) 

The 76th Dimension is the Exit Energy Wall of the OMEGA Dimension. The 
Knowledge Book is, at the same time, a Key Book. And unlocks the locks in accordance 
with the Level of Evolution of the Dimension on which it is present. 

At the moment, this Book carries the 76th Dimension Frequency. The 73-74- 
75th Dimensions are Preparatory Dimensions in the Omega Frequency Dimension, 
that is, in the 19th Frequency Dimension of the 16th Solar System. 

Since the Mass Evolution Program of the 16th Solar System is applied on the 
1 5th Solar System, too, We consider both Dimensions within a Total. 

After these Preparatory Periods, Entrances to this Dimension are Individual. Here, 
no one can intercede for anyone else. That is, the 76th Energy intensity Exit Wall is 
transcended by Individual Progresses. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



652 



ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

There is a Totality to which each Solar Dimension corresponds. 
are evaluated in accordance with these Solar Dimensions. 



Universal Scales 



Solar Systems and Dimensional differences are evaluated in the same medium 
since the Dimension to which each Solar System belongs is differed according to 
Evolutionary Ordinances. 

All Information given according to Scientific Views of Terrestrial Consciousnesses 
is completely the applied Scales of Scientific Mediums. However, Dimensional Powers 
of the Information We give to You have nothing to do with the Dimensions of Your 
Solar Systems. 

SATURN which is the final zone of Your Solar System is a Projective Focal Point. 
And it is a Totality making Reflection from the OMEGA Dimension. 

The Astrological System is an occurrence prepared in accordance with Your 
Dimension Frequency. The OMEGA Dimension is the boundary of exit of Your unseen 
horizons. Evolutionary Scales beyond that are not expressed by the terminology of 
Your Solar Dimensions. 

Solar Dimensions beyond Your ASTEROID Zone are evaluated by the Galaxy Union 
Totalities there. However, Evolutionary Scales are evaluated in connection with a 
Systematic Tableau. 

Since their Power Dimensional Frequencies carry a Power parallel to the Energy 
Power of Your ASTROLOGICAL Energy Dimensions, We consider the Solar Dimensions 
in accordance with their Frequency Powers. 

Galaxy Totalities beyond the ASTEROID Zone are rather subject to very different 
interpretations of the Evolutionary Zone. If necessary, they may be mentioned in more 
detail when the time comes. It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

Unification Dimensions of all the Realms are full of Information projected by the 
Universal Totality. All these Dimensions are in a position enabling them to convey 
Information to You. However, that Information, too, has projection Centers in 
accordance with the Frequency of Social Views. 

Apart from this, no Information is given to You in accordance with Your wishes. 
This Message We have given as an answer to the Tho|phts We have received from 
Social Views, is given for Unsatisfied Consciousnesses. 



653 



In the Information We give through the Channel of the Knowledge Book, personal 
satisfaction is out of question. We are obliged to convey the Information in accordance 
with Social Views and this Information is arranged according to Consciousness 
Dimension Auras of Your Planet. %here is no mistake whatsoever in the given 
Information. All Information is correct. 

The Thought Frequency of Our Friend who effectively serves as the Pen of the Golden 
Age is completely outside the Frequency Dimension of the Book. For this reason personal 
Thoughts are never added into the Book. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 
PRIVATE MESSAGE 

Dear Mevlana, 

Your Planet can not yet grasp clearly the interpretation of the Information given 
now. However, all the words uttered are the morrows the future years will bring to 
Your Planet. 

During this Program of Unification, all Gurzes will be in effect in a Totality. The 
(Unification Tableau) which will reach way beyond the Salvation Dimension will project 
its entire Potential on these Gurzes. 

It will be as follows: the Three Power Focal Points of a Great Universe to be 
formed by the Powers of Integrated Consciousnesses will come into effect connected 
to this Universe and this Great Universe which will be utilized as the Center of the 
Universal Unification, will project, as the representative of the POWER Dimension, its 
System on three separate Universes. 

These three Universes will form the effective Triangle Tableau of Reflection by a 
Potential which will take the place of Fire - Light - Sound Universes. 

That is, the entire Potential has been brought into existence Naturally until today. 
However now, these Powers which had developed Naturally will bring into existence 
this great Potential by the Intellect * Logic - Awareness Totality as a Human Totality. 

This mentioned Universal Totality will be established outside the Gurz Dimensions 
and the Super Potential Powers formed there, together with Humane Power Potentials, 
will be transferred to the other Gurzes and will establish the Educative Staffs. 

However, God will first assemble the Super Consciousnesses He has brought 
into Existence until today in His Private Dimension and thus, will project on His Fourth 
Order, a brand new Ordinance of the Universes as a Collective Unification Totality. 

As Cooperation and Unity of Power, the Reality of Super Humanity will project 
the Order of the Reality of the Unified Humanity on different and more Advanced 
Existential Dimensions. 



654 



In future Centuries, a Federative World State which will be Administered by 
Cantons will establish a Golden Age Order by its Powerful staffs and thus, will embrace 
Blissful morrows. It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



IT IS GENERAL MESSAGE 



Our Friends, 

Even though all operations of Focal Points rendered in Your Planet until today 
are connected to the same channel, each Group's Operational Order is different All 
those who come to the Groups are Sincere people. However, they are not Conscious. 

A person who has Genuine Consciousness should think of others rather than 
himself/ herself. This is what is meant by Altruism. And it is not attained easily. This is 
a matter of Evolution. 

Respect of a Person for another Person on this path is the most Sacred of Worships. 
And to Abuse others for his/her own Benefit or to Waste their Time is, for Us, the 
Greatest of Sins. 

Consciousness Levels of Sincere Friends who come to various "Focal Points are 
assessed, one by one, and thus, they are coded and the Genuine Missionaries are 
selected by this means and are card-indexed directly into the FOCAL POINT. 

However, even many of these Missionaries are lacking Consciousness coherence. 
Grasping a Truth does not mean understanding the Information read. It means receiving 
lessons from the Information read and to become verdant by their Frequencies. A 
person who becomes verdant will, one day, bloom into Beautiful Flowers. 

We have tried until today to assemble Friends who would serve in accordance 
with the same Consciousness together. However, Consciousnesses who act in 
accordance with their own Hearts' desire and who do not Unite on the same Coordinate 
are doomed to Disappointment. (Even if they are considered as Missionaries). 

Duty brings People Realization - Responsibility - Altruism. If a Person does not 
possess these Qualities, he/she is not a Missionary even if he/she considers himself/ 
herself as Missionary. 

In Mission Consciousness, Respect of Person to Person should be prior to his/her 
Love. However, it is Our Belief that during the Progresses of Time, faces on which the 
