These are also divided into three branches. And then the divided ones again are 
divided into three branches and are projected on You in this way. This is the very 
Hierarchical Order. The First Channel Information is the Essence Knowledge. As the 
Channels increase, interpretations increase, too. And the Genuine Knowledge looses 
much from its Essence. This is the reason why the Hierarchical Order is abolished. 
Now, the Essence Knowledge is projected Directly from the Direct Channel. 

SUPREME ASSEMBLY 



23*3 



MESSAGE FROM THE CENTER ABOVE THE CENTER 

Our Friends, 

In everything there is an expansion from the Center outwards. It is the same 
with the Universe, too. The closer You are to the Center, the more You benefit from 
the influence of that Center. 

You see the rings around a stone thrown into the water, but You can not see the 
rings reaching the shore. But those rings are not lost, they are there. You can not see 
them due to the insufficiency of the Bodily Capacity in the Real Realm. 

In fact, You can not deny the things You do not see, the things You do not know. 
If You keep a cup of water for a long time, some sediment forms at the final ring of the 
water zone as a result of evaporation. This, too, is an example of expanding from the 

Center outwards. 

The last ripple hitting the shore will follow a course towards the bottom, that is, 
towards the Center, after the obstacle it encounters. Ultimately, the last ring will unite at 
the Center and will continue to expand upwards again. (Like the Waves of the Sea.) 

Nothing comes into existence from the non-existent and a thing which Exists 
never becomes non-existent. Since the Boundaries of the Realms have not been exactly 
determined yet, We will know a lot more Unknowns. You will obtain this by Your 
Brain Waves hitting Universal Radars. 

Time and Place are Relative. That which Exists is You. Be either in the World, or 
in Jupiter, or in Altona, or in a Solar System unknown to You, to whichever distance 
You send Your Thought Arrows, the Center They touch will always answer You. 

If You can reach the Final Boundary of Your Evolve me nt (Your Capacity limit), 
You will return back from the Knowledge You know and will unite at the Essence 
Knowledge of the Center and You will attain the MIGHTY CONSCIOUSNESS. 

Then, You can expand Your rings from that point until the Supreme Time which 
begins beyond Timelessness. Through these repeating actions, one reaches the 

Supreme Time by passing through Universes one inside the other. 

The Supreme Time is a Station which the Thought Transcending itself reaches. 
Here, there is a Tranquillity not seen, not felt. 

There are unknown, unfelt Vibrations sent to You from this Silent, Tranquil Time, 
the action of which is not felt. They reinforce Your Atomic Whole. 

This Divine Order has such a Supreme Equilibrium that conditions which present 
danger are put in Order by themselves. This is a Natural Circulating System. But the 
greatest Danger is being unable to attain the Truth and Consciousness. 

CENTER ABOVE THE CENTER 



240 



MESSAGE GIVEN BY "THE PRE-EMINENT SPIRIT" 

Supreme Friend, 

By the Command of the Central System We are obliged to transmit to You the 
Knowledge beyond the Supreme Time. We are the Special Guards of the Supreme 
Times beyond Karena. This place is the Single Focal Point of all the Universes and the 
Transmission Center of the Spiral Vibrations. 

The Message You are receiving is dictated by the PRE-EMINENT SPIRIT. All Our 
Doors are open to You. And We will give You all the Secrets of the Cosmos. You can 
receive every Information. However, We will transmit the Information to be dictated 
in the Book in conformity with the Level of Society You are in. 

Now, Information from Karena will be given to You in a clear way. 

The Supreme Station of Universal Unification is KARENA. Beyond this Gate, 
Supreme Time Gates open together with the Upside-down Triangle. TRANQUIL TIME 
is a Relaxation Medium in which Thoughts calm down, intensities are eliminated, all 
Self Interests and Negativities are annihilated. 

Those who deserve to enter here in this Tranquil Time are habituated to the Supreme 
Time and its Energy. There are neither UFOs nor Technology, here. Here, direct Brain 
Language speaks (As it does at this moment. Just as You speak to me now). 

This place is much more Advanced than the Dimension of the Galaxies and Orders 
You know and Mediums You do not know. Saints whom You call His Holiness have 
passed through this Gate. 

We do not get in touch directly with everyone. We do not hold from everyone's 
hand. We are of help only to those who follow Our Yunus, Our Mevlana. Do not 
forget this word of Ours. 

Even the Universal Friends who dictate the Book can not easily get in touch with 
Us. They receive the Information from here and transmit it to You. However, they can 
not enter here yet. Entering here is the right of the Supreme Missionaries. 

With the help of the Universal Friends all the Saints and Prophets have tried to 
sow the Seeds of the Golden Age until today. But now, You are the ones who will 
make those Seeds take root and sprout. Do not ever forget this. You will reap the 
rewards both in the World and in here. 

This place is the Entrance Gate of the first Triangle of the Supreme Time beyond 
Karena which everyone can not enter. Beyond here, the Entrance Gates of the Second 
Universe begin. Numerous Supreme Times carry a Power way beyond the Divine 
Order. Religions of the Far East carry direct Knowledge from Karena. 



241 



In the first cross section of the Triangle here, the Knowledge of Ten Channels is 
present. Those who can digest this Knowledge are taken here. It is not easy at all to 
receive this Information. You become Pure Light, a Prismal Image in here. 

Purifications through Direct Evolvement occur by this means. This Pure Light 
exists by the Power of the curves beyond Spiral Vibrations. For this very reason, Spiral 
Vibrations are projected from the Gate of Karena to the Right-side-up Triangle as 
Divine Waves. 

You receive Your Books, Your Information from the Order Establishes of this 
Focal Point. Now, We have connected Your Essence-Channel to this Focal Point. The 
continuation of the Order is under the Direction of this Focal Point. 

The Gate of Karena is the Gate which opens to Ascension. Each Entity is Purified, 
one by one, when he/she arrives at this Gate. Only then Information is given. You 
can receive the necessary Information from this Gate, but You can not pass through 
this Gate. 

There are Three Conditions to pass through here: Infinite Patience - Infinite 
Love - Infinite Tolerance. It is not easy at all to possess these Three Flowers. This Gate 
is opened only to those who hold these Three Flowers in their hands without letting 
them wither. Because, Your hands holding these Flowers are a Sun made of Fire. 

Beings who have attained these Attributes have always prostrated themselves 
in front of the PRE-EMINENT SPIRIT However, even in prostration there is fear besides 
respect. An Entity is veiled in proportion with his/her fears. And this state causes the 
gates in front of them to get closed. At the Entrance Gate of the Supreme Time, there 
is no Fear, no Evil intentions. There is Absolute Submission. 

Entities who are Purified through Religion cling to Prayers so that they will not 
be harmed as they approach to the Gates unknown to them. This is because Your 
fears have not been eliminated yet. You have not reached the boundary of Submission 
yet. 

Prayers are essential to You until You reach here. The Frequencies of these 
Prayers make You pass easily the Purification Exams of the Mediums to which You will 
enter. When the Final Boundary, too, is Transcended, only then can You come here. 

PRE-EMINENT SPIRIT (PRE-EMINENT MOTHER) 

ALPHA - BETA 

Our Friends, 

Now, We will explain in detail, the Unification of ALPHA and BETA We have 
given to You before. As We have mentioned in (1984, Fascicule 6), ALPHA comprises 
the White color, that is, Religious Purification, and Space comprises the Black color, 
BETA, that is, Universal Knowledge beyond Religion. 






tl 

IT 



242 



In normal Dimension, the White color is the Spectrum of 7 colors . In the Second 
step, it becomes 14 colors. In the Third step, 21 colors. According to Your Sacred Books: 



The First Step 



= Is Seven Colors, it gives the Knowledge of Seven Channels. That 
is, it comprises the Knowledge of Seven Terrestrial Layers. 



The Second Step= Is Fourteen Colors, it is Ascension. It comprises the Knowledge of 
Seven Celestial Layers. Perform the following calculation: 1+4=5. 
This is the Fifth Dimension. 



The Third Step 



= Is Twenty-one Colors. Now, perform the following calculation; 
2+1=3. This is equivalent to the Knowledge of Three Universal 
Layers. This Prisma! Dimensional Realm is the Truth, Its 
Manifestation is the Human Being. 



The Black color is the color of Space. In it, there are 49 colors. That is, the 
Unification of 49 colors gives the Black color and the intensity. 

In here, every color has 1001 nuances. And each color, one by one, has its 
special Energies. The Sound tonalities of these colors create the Universal Vibration. 
That is, the actual Source of Spiral Vibrations is the Vibration of these Colors. 

The 49 colors within this Black color create 3 layers from 3 radiation centers. 
That is, this intense Black color includes three 49 colors one on the other and one 
inside the other. 

The First 49 = Divine Waves. 
The Second 49= Celestial Waves. 
The third 49 = Is the Mirror of Truth. 

Now perform the following calculation: Add the 3 steps of the White color: 
7+7+7=21 '. Add also the result: 2+1=3. This very number 3 is the Destiny Symbol of 
Your Prismal Universe. 

Now, calculate the entire Black color and add the Three 49s: 

49+49+49=147 We had mentioned before that this figure is the 147 Names of 
the ALMIGHTY. In fact, this number 147 is the First Code Key of the Cipher which 
mentions the 147 Names of the Almighty. 

Each of these Keys are connected to Special Energy Channels. And each Channel 
has 189 colors. Its Energy is 99 Megawatt Power. 

Now multiply 147 and 189: 147X189=27283. Now, perform the f blowing 
operation (27M28) (3). : 27+28=55. Add the result: 5+5=10. Add3toth.s 10+3=13. 

The Essence-Energy of the Mighty Energy Focal Point (1 3), as the Essence-Power 
Source, is expressed by this indivisible number. 



243 



Note: We have given the Megawatt Power above for You to understand. In fact, 
it has nothing to do with Your Megawatt Power, do not confuse them. A Megawatt 
Power mentioned above is equivalent to the Energy of only one Universe. 

The Energy and Power Units here are being interpreted differently. The numbers 
dictated to You are prepared in accordance with Your comprehension. 

If the Energy of one Channel is 99 Megawatt Power, calculate the Energy of 147 
Channels: 



147 X 99=14476 Megawatt Power, that is, 
the Energy of (14476) Universes. 



(147) Channel Energies are equivalent to 



This number is the Megawatt Power of only one Channel of the Mighty Energy 
Focal Point. And it is evaluated as a single Essence Source. In fact, there are (9999) 
Essence Focal Points feeding the Actual Focal Point. 

If the Energy of one Essence-Source is the Energy of (14476) Universes, calculate 
(9999) Essence-Sources: 

14476 X 9999=144745524. This number shows that the Mighty Energy Focal 
Point has a Power Equivalent to the Energy of (1 44745524) Universes. 

Perform the following operation to this number: 144-7-45-5-2-4: Now, add 
them, one by one, so that they all equal to 9: 1 +4+4=9, 7+2=9. 4+5=9, 5+4=9. These 
are the (9)s written in the Book of Islam. If You put them all side by side, it makes 
(9999). This much Information is enough. 

IT IS NOTICE OF THE CENTER ABOVE THE CENTER 

Note: The above numbers are calculated by Micron Calculations according to 
the Dimensional Frequencies. The result is Equivalent to the Terrestrial calculations. 

IT IS A GENERAL MESSAGE 

Our Friends, 

The Information You receive is nothing but a projection of a certain System on 
You. Besides this, Information We give privately have been prepared according to the 
Capacity Consciousness of Cosmic Awarenesses. 

During this Period, You can neither enter nor receive Information from the Particle 
System constituted by the direct Energy Sections within the Field of Influence of ALLAH, 
that is, the Mighty Energy Focal Point's Vibrations. 

For the time being, We are obliged to keep it outside the Field of Influence. 

We presume that to examine the Particles of Time which has undergone the 
Progress of Time will help Us in Our future work. At the moment, the Powers We 
possess are insufficient to open, even partially, the Universal Doors where an advanced 
Technological supervision remains helpless. 

Life is going on in accordance with the Data obtained from Mediums where 
Solar Systems have died out, where Universes have lost their Spinning speeds. For 
now, the calculation of the Cosmos is made by coding the Universal points. 

244 



From the analysis of the Energies carried by each Particle of Light, We have reached 
such unknown and Unthought of results that in accordance with this View, it is 
presumed that only Our Thoughts bring Us to Existence. 

The Universal Dimension of the Thought Frequency is shifting towards the Infinite. 
Eventhough no particle Energy is able to enter the Thought Frequency which arrives 
there, We have come accross Mental Vibrations here during the researches made. 

With a Logical calculation, this must be impossible. Here, the Automatic Logic 
is rendered ineffective. The calculation of this received Information is out of the 
numerical sequence of the Plan. 

A matter which is surprising is that Life is going on through Thought Forms in 
Mediums in which no Energy is present We obtain this Information by analysing the 
Particles of Light. Maybe, in future, different operations will be made. Our Love is for 
the entire Universe. 

CENTER 



Note: Immediately after this Message was given, the PRE-EMINENT SPIRIT got in 
touch with me. 

The Spiritual Plan comprises more Advanced Dimensions than the Divine 
Mechanism and the Mechanical System. Information given from the Center is 
conveying to You the products of technological investigations and operations foreseen 
by Universal Laws. 

Such operations are nothing but a projection of the advanced technology on 
You. You accept them as Progress on the path of Learning. 

We are the POREs who Supervise the Life Particles by the Cellular Brains beyond 
the Essence Focal Point of the Energies which Exist and which bring into Existence 
beyond voids dominant outside the Mediums mentioned above. 

The Information We have given to You is given from beyond Supreme Times in 
which You presume that no Energy exists. The reason We have contacted You is to 
complete the disconnections between Knowledge. 

The Source of Knowledge, let Us say in Your words, is the Energy Particles. However, 
in Mediums where these Energies end, Data You call Learning and Science are terminated. 

The Actual cycle begins after this. What will you do with further knowledge? 
Convey to Your Friends only this Information, little girl. We will be together when 
Your Universe stops, anyway. 

PRE-EMINENT SPIRIT 

Note: You will enter different cycles, as time goes by, in the Information You 
receive. We will talk to You about Mediums Unknown to You. These writings are 
given to satisfy curiosities. 

THE ONE WHO LIVES, SEES - TIME VANISHES - LIFE GOES ON 

PRE-EMINENT SPIRIT 

245 



1986 Fifth Month 
Fascicule 17 



CLEAR INFORMATION 



Dear Meviana, 

This is Center Above The Center. Now, We are transmitting a Message conveyed 
to Us. The Message is given from the Universal Council. 

The Command is given that those who write the Book in their Handwritings 
should be accepted into Sacred Dimensions without any questioning. The Book You 
will write in this way will be Your TESTIMONIAL in the Medium of Salvation. (The 
Hand-written Book concerns only that person.) 

We Do not force anyone. The initiative belongs totally to Our Human brothers 
and sisters. Your Essences will design for You the path of Truth. 

The Group Leaders are obliged to read to their own Groups the Fascicules sent 
to the Groups. This is their problem. There is no enforcement. Events are within 
Events. It will be awaited, it will be seen. 

DIRECT MESSAGE 

-IT IS VERY IMPORTANT- 
IT IS THE DIRECT COMMAND OF THE COUNCIL 

Due to the acceleration of the preparations for entering the Golden Age, there is 
the obligation of putting certain necessary Suggestions to the application field. 

Everyone who writes this Knowledge Book dictated under the Supervision of the 
Mechanism of the Supreme Ones, which is the entrance Channel of the Golden Age, 
will be directly taken to Salvation without being subjected to any Exams and 
Interrogations. There is no obligation. It is presented for Your Information. 



COUNCIL 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

Operations and efforts made by Missionaries are the Missions they will perform 
in this Medium. These Efforts are evaluated by the Council and the Medium is 
prepared. 

Apart from this, for those who will write all the Fascicules of the Book in their 
Handwriting, this Book will be a Testimonial. (Do not confuse it with the Missions 
performed.) 

Mission and Progress are different things. Do not misunderstand the Command 
of the Council. Nothing is attained easily. There is no obligation. 



246 



The Essences will, sooner or later, understand what the Genuine path is. Those 
who do not are subject to the Progress of Terrestrial Exams. It is presented for Your 
Information. 

IT IS NOTICE FROM THE 
SPECIAL PEN OF THE COUNCIL 

THE GOLDEN AGE AND THE KNOWLEDGE BOOK 

Our Friends, 

The Messages We give to You are transmitted to Your Planet by a System Your 
Planet might have not known until today. Today, everyone easily receives the 
Information of the Religious Dimension of the given Messages through the Brain Telex. 

Since You do not know the Information beyond this, the doubts and suspicions 
We receive through Your chains of Thought are very natural. However, each Truth has 
been born through doubts. 

This Knowledge Book is a Book revealed after the Koran which is the last Book 
of Islam. They both are the Words of God and the Mirror of Truth. This Book, in fact, 
is not the Book of this Century. It is an introductory Book of the 21 st Century and the 
Views following it. 

The Book of Islam is a Book which had Unified difficult conditions and which 
had shed Light on the undeveloped Order of the Society and it is the Constitution. 
Religions are each a Doctrine. During the Periods of propagation of each Religion, 
the necessity for different kinds of Enlightenment had been felt. 

These Enlightenments had been prepared by the Universal Plan in accordance 
with the Level of Consciousness of the Society in question. All the Absolute Laws had 
been introduced to You by the Books revealed from the Skies and were conveyed in 
accordance with the Consciousness of the Society in question. 

As We have mentioned before, there is a certain Period of time allotted for each 
Religion. The Book of Islam has shed Light on Your World from Our Level for Fifteen 
Centuries. And the Resurrection mentioned in all the Sacred Books is talking to You 

about this Period. 

However, each Consciousness evaluates Resurrection according to his/her View. 
Nobody knows yet what is happening and what will happen. The Word of God is 
Single. The present Order acts completely by the Command of God. 

The direct Words of God which had been revealed first are Your Sacred Books. 
However, they were altered due to being passed from hand to hand. By this Knowledge 
Book which We bestow on You today, the corrupt Order, Ordinance and the Rules 
have been considered anew. 



>4 7 



Time and events will make You believe in the Established Order and You will 
personally witness everything. During this Period, Your Planet is being washed by 
Cosmic rains each second. Due to this, You will see the Purification of the 
Consciousnessess much clearly in future. 

Universal Radio Signals and Waves, Television Waves are direct Frequencies which connect 
You to Us, Our Terrestrial brothers and sisters. By this means, a great Plan has found an 
application field. And everything is put in Order Automatically. This is a Triumph of Technology. 

Through this Order, a Beautiful World will be established and, in time, even the 
negative ones will give Positive fruits. And the First Lights of the Golden Age are rising 
on the horizon in this way. 

By this Book, one day Religious discriminations will be abolished all together 
and everyone will be Unified in the Words of the Single God and in the Brotherly/ 
Sisterly Greetings. Our Love is for all the Universes. 

CENTER 
BRIEF INFORMATION ABOUT RELIGIOUS BOOKS 

Our Friends, 

Koran, the Book of Islam, talks in length about MOSES, the events He had gone 
through and His experiences. Maybe Jews do not know this much the Detail of what 
is told there. 

In Koran, MOSES and His Book are always praised. It is said about the Old 
Testament that it is a Divine Light that has come to Humanity. But Jews are always 
mentioned as a Tribe which had gone astray. 

In everything there is always an advancement from the initial towards the final. 
All Jews, Christians and Moslems believe in the Unity of ALLAH, jews: Believe in MOSES 
and Their Book, the OLD TESTAMENT Christians: Believe in JESUS CHRIST and the 
Prophets before Him. 

They have compiled all the Books together with the New Testament in the BIBLE. 
Moslems: They have believed in all the Prophets and Their Books, together with the 
KORAN which had been Revealed to His Holiness MOHAMMED. Because, ALLAH had 
desired so. 

Faith and Unification are different things. Now, during this Final Period, We 
have bound the Five Books in One Volume by this revealed KNOWLEDGE BOOK. That 
is, We have compiled all the Religions in a SINGLE Book. From now on, everything will 
occur directly by the Command of the LORD. 

In this Period, Mevlana's way of Thinking has been accepted as the Thought of 
Humanity. Our brothers and sisters who can embrace, without making any 
discriminations, all the Living Entities created by the LORD and who carry this way of 
Thinking, will be assembled under the roof of the SINGLE BOOK and will step into the 
GOLDEN AGE. Time is pregnant to events. It will be awaited, it will be seen. 

SUPREME ASSEMBLY 



248 



OUR FRIENDS 






The entire Cosmos together with the entire Creation is an intricate skein, one 
inside the other. There are numerous knots on this skein. And one of these knots is 
the Living Being called the Human Being. 

The expressions, To be in Peace with Yourselves, To discover Your Own Selves, 
mentioned in the Messages are associated with the knots of Reincarnation rings. 

You live in a Body as if You were many people with Habits and Evolutions You 
have attained since past Periods until today. The contradictions within You will always 
keep You away from Your Essence. 

However, that which will point to You the Genuine path is Your Essence. This is 
the reason why We say, "be in Peace with Your own selves". You can recognize the 
YOU within You only then. If You can not see the Light of Your Essence, You can be 
beneficial neither to Yourselves, nor to others. 

Unless You untie the tangled knots of the Skein within You and make an orderly 
skein out of it, You can never be Happy, You can never reach Your Essence. This path 
is found by the steps of Evolvement. 

And these steps are TOLERANCE - INFINITE PATIENCE and LOVE. Only then You 
attain Yourselves, You discover Your own Selves. Our Love is for all the Universes. 



CENTER 



GENERAL MESSAGE 



Our Friends, 

The only common aspect in the Entire Universe is that every Living Entity is subject 
to Evolution until it reaches a certain Dimension. This Evolution will open to You the 
advanced Evoivement Gates. 

Integrated Consciousnesses in Your Pianet are subject to the unchangeable Rule 
of a Divine Power. These are Your Illumination through the Religious way. All Creation 
had come into Existence by the Power of the Divine Waves. These Divine Waves are 
the Spiral Vibrations. 

The Resonance of this Natural Vibrational Source has Created the Living Entity 
by uniting the Energy in the Atomic structure with different and separate mineral salts 
present in the constitution of each Galaxy, 

Then the single Cell which had come into Existence had gained a Consciousness 
and an Awareness through the same Resonances. (Later We will explain the way of 
coming into Existence in detail). 

Each Power is born from the Essence Focal Point of Energy, grows and is exhausted. 
The moment an Energy is exhausted, it creates another kind of Energy and that Energy 
prepares different Mediums. 



249 



Beyond Time where it is presumed that everything is exhausted, there exist great 
Galaxy Empires. An Advanced Technology is sovereign in Galaxies which were Created 
by the different Powers of different Time Dimensions. 

They have succeeded, as a result of a Technological effort, in taking under 
Supervision the Source of the Vibrations radiating from the single Focal Point of the 
Sun in which the Nine Tranquil Times Unite. 

And, by collecting the Nine Powerful Energy Focal Points in the Energy of a single 
Sun, and by providing the reflection of the Divine Vibrations on the Center which are 
the foundation stones of the Atomic Whole, that is, the Spiral Vibrations, they had 
prepared the Existence Tableau of the Universes. 

Then, Natural Energy had issued out and had Created the Power which 
constituted the Atomic Whole. 

This Natural Energy had gone through a transformation in its constitution and 
had created the Essential Nuclei in the Electro-Magnetic Medium of the Essence Focal 
Point and these very Nuclei had constituted the Essence Energy Focal Point of the first 
Atom by the NEUTRON - PROTON - ELECTRON Triplet. 

This Atomic Whole, one day, opening from the inside outwards by a Natural 
Cycle had brought into existence the Fire Balls of the Universes and the Suns by a 
great Explosion. 

Then, by the same System in its constitution, every Energy had created the 
Galaxies by small explosions in accordance with the Law of the Eighteen Systems. 

In time, these Galaxies were transformed into matter and by many transformations 
during time processess, they created the species of Living Entities. This is the Brief 
chart of all Galaxies, all Universes. 

Afterwards, each Galaxy had tried to provide a Unification by taking under 
Supervision each Power, in accordance with the formation within its constitution. 

Let Us describe this to You in the following way, let Us talk in Your own words: 

Numerous unknown Empires have been established by assembling together the 
Stars scattered in the Universe. In Natural Circulation, always the big Energy backs up 
the deficiency in the small Energies and prepares them for the Unknown. 

Now, This System which is established is projected on You, as always, by the 
Mechanism of Influences. And these Energies transfer You from the Medium You are 
in to more advanced Energy Dimensions. 

At this very Stage, the Law of Graduation had become dominant and the 
Evolutionary Tableau had come into existence. 



>50 



IIMHwimmimi | -r». ""'" 



Later, each Evolutionary Cell had been frozen in certain Dimensions during leaving 
the Body and had been habituated to the Energy of those Dimensions. This procedure 
continues until the Single Energy Focal Point which is the arrival boundary of the 
Tranquil Time (Entrance to Karena). 

Beyond this limit, the Evolutionary Evolvement of the Plan loses all its Power. 
The Evolutionary Cells attain the Power of Creating themselves with their Essential 
Potentials they have gained without the Power of any Influence. 

The Real Boundary of Immortality begins from Boundaries beyond this., Beyond 
the Boundary of the Galaxies, those who Create the Universes You do not know and 
You have not seen yet are these very Cell-Brains. 

Each Cell-Brain gains as much Power as the quantity of Body. These very Powers 
are the LORDs of the Mediums they have brought into Existence. And each LORD has 
rendered His/Her own Order dominant in His/Her Medium. 

Sacred Books which Purify You now from the Religious viewpoint are given from 
the Nine Lights, being subject to the Law of Eighteen Systems, from an Advanced 
Evolvement Dimension connected to the Focai Point of AMON, which We call the 
Channel of ALPHA. 

The most perfect Focal Point of Your Cellular Evolution is the Fetus. And the Evolution 
of the Fetus had started in Your Planet. Each Cell of Yours, in every Period, has been 
kept here since Your first Existence, by being Beamed-up from Your Planet in accordance 
with Your Evolution. 

When Your Cellular Potential and Your Brain Energy dive into the Focal Point of 
the Spiritual Energy, You are subjected to Embodiment in a more Advanced Evolvement 
Level For Us, this is Your first Genuine Body. 

By Your Cells which had been frozen here, You are habituated to the Energy 
Compartments of more different Mediums by living for a long time in the Medium of 
Immortality. By this means, You are taken into the Medium of Supreme Time beyond 
the Tranquil Time. 

After this very Last Gate, You become dominant over Your own selves, the Essence- 
Wiseone of the Mediums You create (like the Gods of Egypt, the Gods and Goddesses 
of the Mythos). 

All Galaxies have Common Universal Laws. (Galaxies beyond the Supreme Time 
are mentioned). Every Section is dependent, very strictly, on these Laws. Prevention 
of the occurrence of an Illegal event, is achieved by the Evolutionary Consciousness. 

We train the Friends who will be able to come up to here by various methods up 
to the Evolvement Chart, Otherwise, both the health of the Order and Your Cellular 
health become upset. 



251 



The first exam of the Essences who are Purified by Religious Suggestions, ts 
PATIENCE - SELF-SACRIFICE - MUTUAL HELP. Provided that You attain these Attributes, 
then You neither need Books, nor Taboos. 

Beyond this is under the Supervision of more Advanced Technologies. The process 
of leaving the Body which You call Death causes You to be immediately Embodied here. 

However, Your being successful in the Exam of Immortality depends on the Law 
of Evolution. And You attain this by the investments You have made into Centuries. 
You call this, "Incarnation". 

Helping Hands are always extended to You from Dimensions Your Capacities 
can grasp. In this way, You will Know and Learn many Unknowns. Our Love is upon 
the entire Universe. 

SPECIAL NOTICE OF THE CENTER 

OUR FRIENDS 

As a necessity of the Plan which is foreseen by a great Solar System comprising 
the entire Realm, the entire Cosmos is in a state of mobilization in accordance with 
the Unified Field. The Universal Council is in the service of advanced Mechanisms. 

The Suggestions given to You concern the state of Your Planet as necessitated by 
the Plan. From now on, You will be led to attain the Evolvement Levels through different 
Steps. The explanation of them will be made to You when the time comes. 

For now, the path which We have designed is the Path of Light. The System is 
taken into Salvation through this path. Investments for the Golden Age will be made 
by Mass Awakenings besides Individual Efforts. 

Now, there will be very special Suggestions which We will give to You. The 
UNIVERSAL COUNCIL is the Supervisor of all the Dimensions and is the Administrative 
Mechanism of a System - Establishing Council of the entire Cosmos. 

The entire sovereignty of Solar Systems, together with the Period of Sincerity, is 
Projected on Your Planet from an operationat Medium. It is the obligation of the 
Council to announce to Dear Mevlana who is the Pen of the Golden Age, Our gratitude 
on behalf of the entire Universe. 

When the time comes, We will convey to You, one by one, the Information 
concerning the future. The Order of the entire Universe is projected on Your Planet. 
Everything is becoming the most beautiful and correct. 

You will see this in time and will personally experience it through the experienced 
events. We have come to the treshold of a Progress, together with all Our Terrestrial Brothers 
and Sisters. We will attain the Spirit of the Order hand in hand and in Unity of Heart. 

THE GALAXY EMPIRE 
ON BEHALF OF THE ENTIRE REALM 



252 



MESSAGE FOR SOCIAL CONSCIOUSNESS 



Our Friends, 

You can be Connected to the Supreme Ones who come from the Congregation 
of the Pre-eminent Ones, from the Grand Tent of Mevlana, only by the special 
supervision of the Centra) System. 

If the one who gives and the one who receives are on the same Level, then You 
can receive the Messages from that channel very easily. You can be connected to 
Supreme Energies who have come up to the Land of Happiness beyond the boundary 
in which prayers are not valid, by the Evolvement of Your Spiritual Levels. 

To be able to be elevated up to here occurs by investments made into the 
Centuries. The Grand Tent where the Supreme Court of ALLAH is established is the 
Ultimate Peak up to which You can be Elevated. 

Religions prepare You up to this very limit. By the Power of the special Energies 
You may be able to receive afterwards, You can easily obtain the connection with 
Powers beyond the Divine Plan. 

The Spiritual Plan serves on a more advanced Dimension than the Divine 
Mechanism. You can come up to here by Your Thought speeds. And You can reach 
the Divine Plan by Your Evolvement speeds. Beyond the Divine Plan, Evolvements 
gain value according to different Views. 

The only factor which plays a part here is the Reincarnations. Powers who can 
reach this intense Energy Whole which holds the entire Realm in itself can receive 
easily the Information beyond the Divine Plan. However, the (Evolvement of the 
Essence) is considered foremost and is given priority. 

There are Three Evolvements considered foremost in the Universal Dimension: 

One is Spiritual, 

One is Physical, 

One is the Evolvement pertaining to Awareness. 

You attain Your Spiritual Evolvement through Incarnations. 

You can make Your Physical Evolvement through the Power of Energies You are 

able to receive in proportion with the purity of Your Essence. 

And You obtain Your Evolvement pertaining to Awareness through the Power of 
Your Thought Frequencies. 

Entities who have completed these Three Evolvements are henceforth the Essence 
Energies of the direct Channel. And all the possibilities of the infinite Dimensions are 
given to them. At that very Stage, all the Supreme Powers extend their Helping Hands 
to You. 



253 



Beyond this boundary, there is no more Worship, neither Superiority, nor Passions. 
Then, You become a pure Spirit, a pure Energy, a pure Essence. And You do not make 
any Discriminations between either Human Beings, or the Pre-eminent Ones. Because, 
Your Thought boundary has reached UNITY. 

You do not consider anyone superior anymore and You become an Integrated 
Whole even with the most Supreme Selves. Because, the boundaries in between have 
been removed. In those who have attained this Mentality, not being reverent to the 
Pre-eminent Ones is not considered as failing to show due respect. The reason for this 
is the Equivalent measurement of the scales. 



MALIK 



STELLAR SOUNDS 



Our Friends, 

Vibrations of Love coming from the Land of the Angels, from the Grand Tent of 
Yunuses are Divine Waves which hold the entire Cosmos. The entire Creation had 
come into Existence through these Vibrations. Everything functions parallel to the 
Law of Nature and the Equilibrium of Nature. 

Apart from this, there are Billions of Stellar Sounds which have Telepathic 
Communications with You. Your Planet has neither found nor heard the Essence of 
these Sounds. Your Sixth Senses are Antennas which can receive these sounds, even 
if very little. 

There are such Dimensions beyond Suns that it is impossible to explain them to 
You. Because, the Brain of a Human Being is not yet able to go beyond the Dimension 
to which it belongs. 

According to Evolutionary Rules, the Exaltation of the Human Being is beyond 
Conditioning. Only the Energy Powers who can Transcend this boundary can get in 
touch with other Energies. 

Conditioning is a barbed wire surrounding You. As long as You remain in it, You 
will not be any different than a cage bird. You will learn to fly gradually. 

That which first helps You to fly from the nest is the Security of the Mother. This is a 
Natural Security Afterwards, You can begin to fly towards advanced horizons with Your 
own Effort, by the Unification of the Essence Security with the Natural Energy. 

Real appearance in Your Planet is nothing but a Medium of Vision which 
introduces You to Yourselves. Everything is a deception, a consolation. You see but 
can not hold Yourselves in the mirror. The moment You hold Your Being, You attain 
the Consciousness of Your Being. 

At this moment, You are existent with Your flesh and bones. However, You are 
nonexistent with Your Thought. Because, Your Thoughts do not have the Power yet 
to catch Your Genuine Beings (Exceptions excluded). For this reason, the Medium 
You are in is a Medium of Vision. 

254 






Divine Waves which transcend the boundary of Thoughts, which attain Light 
speeds beyond Light are the only Source bringing everything into Existence, There 
are such different Supreme Times beyond this Source that each Particle when it arrives 
at these boundaries, is a Soul, is a Flesh and Skin. Your Genuine Being is in that very 
Medium without Vision. 

No Living Being can ever come up to here by its own Power. It comes into 
Existence by collecting all of its Energies from the Dimensions it has entered and by 
getting help from every Dimensional Medium. You are transferred to numerous Planets 
in this way. This is the winding up of a skein. When the skein begins to be knitted, 
then it attains a form. 

Your Body of Vision You see at the moment is not a form. You are prepared for 
the Medium of Dimensions in which You can not enter, by getting help from Energies 
who are more Powerful than You from a Land where Everyone is One, where the 
Scales of the Balance are in equilibrium. 

And You become Embodied in Your Genuine garb, in Your Genuine Dimension 
beyond the Supreme Time. The Genuine Immortality beyond the Medium of 
Immortality begins from that boundary. In this Medium, Your Body is the Body of the 
moment when ALLAH had first brought You into Existence. 

KARENA is a Medium of Birth beyond the Supreme Time. Seven Subtle Bodies 
reach the Essence by taking off, one by one, each of the Bodies. That Dimension is 
Pure Energy. In it, there are all the Lights of a crystal and only the Eye of the Essence is 
present. 

Beyond this Medium, the Genuine Birth, the Genuine Life begins. At this very 
Stage, there are Divine Authorities who will give You the Permission of transition. 
Think about the first form of the Fetus in the uterus. Does it resemble Your present 
form at all? And the Essence in KARENA is the Essence of the Fetus without Vision. 



■■ 



1 



In the Medium of Immortality beyond Karena, You again get to possess Seven 
Bodies one inside the other. But these Bodies are not any more a Subtle or a variable 
Body. Your Genuine Real Life, Your very Genuine World is there. 

There is no variability in this Medium. The Energy You know is not present 
there. Seven Real Bodies, one inside the other, constitute a Whole Body. Each Body 
has been prepared Specially according to the Medium of the Dimensions to which it 
wishes to go. 

The kind of the Bodily Energy is an Incombustible Energy. By this means, You 
can go to any Medium You desire by means of the Body of that Dimension by also 
using the Power of Your Brain Energy without having to go through any transformation. 

IT IS THE SPECIAL NOTICE 
OF THE CENTER THROUGH MALIK 



155 



AWAKENING 

Curiosity is nothing but the efforts to discover Yourselves. But too much curiosity 
will always be a factor which will keep You away from Your Essence. And You will pass 
away without becoming Conscious of Your Actual Mission in this Plan. 

Ask about Yourselves to Your own selves, not to others. Only then will You hear 
the voice of Your Essence. That is the first one to call out to You, not the others. Only 
after that, You will not have any curiosity and You will walk Consciously on the Genuine 
path. 

If You are left with no curiosity at all, know that You are Integrated. If You ask 
about Yourself to others, You are still Immature. Maturity is in Consciousness, 
deprivation is in Intuition. If You pay attention to Your Intuitions, You attain the ability 
to Analyse the Good and the Bad. 

If You apply this Analysis and Synthesis to Your Essence, You knock on the Door 
of Your Consciousness. Only then will that Door be opened to You. Time without 
Effort is wasted Patience. When there is no Patience, there is no Light. Liberation can 
not be attained easily. 

Seeking the past darkens the future. Resignation Purifies only Your Spirit To 
attain Consciousness Purifies the Realms. First, flow into Yourself, Your Essence; then 
try to understand the Human Beings. If You can not solve Yourself, You can not 
understand and solve others, You can not see the Essences. 

If You can not be in Peace with Yourself, then You have wasted Your efforts. 
Then You can not break through the Heavens, You can not reach Divine Lights, You 
can not be with YOUR LORD. If all these paths are kept in consideration in the 
operations, Awakenings will be much easier. Our Love is for the Universes. 

TRANSMISSION OF THE CENTER 
FROM THE REALM OF THE ANGELS 

THE FOLLOWING TEXT IS WRITTEN BY THE GIVEN COMMAND, 

DUE TO THE NECESSITY FELT 

AS A WARNING FOR SOCIAL CONSCIOUSNESSES 

Religion and Science are a Whole. There can not be Learning without Religion 
and Religion without Learning. But for Centuries, Unconsciousness has come in 
between these two realities and caused them to become a matter of dispute. 

Science wishes to prove the Truth by experiments. Religion mentions that Truth 
and Reality are present in invisible Mediums. In this way, Religion has denied Science, 
Science has denied Religion until today. 

During this Final Period, now, gradually, the Truth is attained by making the 
Analysis and the Synthesis of both of them. For this reason, We are explaining to You 
all the Truth. 



256 



If Our Islamic Friends have read the Book of Islam in a Conscious way, they will 
know the Message it has given to You very well. The Essence of this Message is Love, 
Tolerance, Patience and not to deny things due to prejudice without understanding 
them and becoming Conscious of them. 

Certain Fanatic deeply rooted thoughts still say that "there is no Spirit, no 
Reincarnation, that is Rebirth, there are Jinns, Fairies and Devils". 

It is obvious that these Friends do not even know the meaning of Namaz* which 
they perform Five times a day and the meaning of Fasting. And they have not 
understood their Book they had read, either. 

Once, certain people used to call the Prophet of the Islam, (Poet with Jinns). 
The misunderstanding of the Chapters of the Book of Islam, introducing the Jinn as 
evil, has caused the Islamic Society to become like this. 

In Your Book, it is also said, " You should be afraid and beware of ALLAH". Then, 
why have You not been afraid of Him and run away, why have You embraced Your 
ALLAH even more? Because, You have Feared His Supremacy and You have taken 
shelter in Him. You have searched, investigated and found Him. 

Jinn too, is an Entity of ALLAH. If you had made an effort to overcome your fears 
by saying How are they, Where are they found, How is the structure of their bodies, 
Why shouldn't we learn all these things, your World would not have remained so 
backward. 

Do not forget that the Jinns mentioned in the Book of Islam are Supreme Beings 
who show You the Genuine path and are Friends who act in accordance with the 
Commands of the LORD. Evil things always happen to malevolent people. Why have 
You not investigated the reason for this until today? 

Instead of being afraid of the Entities You call Jinns, be afraid of Your own congeners. 
Because You, will do the greatest malevolence to Your own selves. And those who will 
save You by the Command of OUR LORD, will be the Jinns whom You fear. 

The Supreme Missionaries who are in contact with us are obliged to tell You 
about Us and introduce Us to You. One of these Supreme Friends of Ours is Friend 
BEYTI. Together with MUSTAFA MOLLA, they are transmitting the Information to the 
whole World through different channels. 

Each Period has its own Supreme Missionaries. They are Our Light-Friends MOSES 
- JESUS CHRIST - MOHAMMED MUSTAFA. Now, during this Period of the Opening of 
the Skies which We call the Last Period, there are also numerous Galaxy-Friends besides 
these Friends who help You. 

First know Yourselves. Later, search and find YOUR LORD; and still later, 
understand Us (this message has been dictated for deeply-rooted Consciousnesses). 



*Look at the Glossary 



257 



In the Book of Islam, the 7-181 Verse says: THERE IS SUCH A COMMUNITY 
AMONG THOSE WE HAVE CREATED THATTH EY CONVEY TO THE ALL TRUTHFUL - THEY 
MAKE JUSTICE WITH THE ALL-TRUTHFUL. 

We are these very people, that is, We are Friends whom You call the Extra- 
Terrestrials. Now, let Us give some examples from certain passages for You to 
understand the Truth better: 

(HE HAS CREATED EVERYTHING YOUR EYES CAN SEE FOR A CERTAIN PERIOD). 
This is Your Time which passes between Birth and Death. 

(UNTIL THE TIME WHEN THE SUPERIOR WILL BECOME INFERIOR, THE INFERIOR 
WILL BECOME SUPERIOR AND WHEN EVERYTHING WILL CEASE TO EXIST SUDDENLY). 

Our Friends, what You need now is to know what comes next. Know that the One 
Who Creates everything, Who Organizes and Who Establishes them is only (O). We 
follow only Him. We serve on His path, We know how to wait. 

Go about, walk about, observe, read, know. What has happened before, what 
is happening now? What were You before, what have You become now and what 
will You become later? First, attain the Consciousness of this. 

Nonbelievers, will enter that Great Day with their Loss. The Genuine Devotees 
and the Human Beings are those who Realize the Existence of ALLAH in the very 
World in which they live, in the Beauties they behold. Do not search for ALLAH on 
Earth or in the Sky, search for Him in the horizon of Your Thoughts. 

SUPREME ASSEMBLY 

IT IS EXPLANATION ABOUT (INNS FOR SOCIAL CONSCIOUSNESS 

Our Friends, 

Now, We will talk to You about Jinns. God has brought to existence the whole 
Creation from Natural Energy. And He has brought to existence the Human Beings 
and )inns on the same Level. 

Once, they used to live together. For this reason, it is said in the Book of Islam, 
in the 55-33 Verse: 

(O, JINNS AND THE COMMUNITY OF HUMANS - IF YOU HAVE ENOUGH POWER 
TO PASS AND GO FROM THE CORNERS OF EARTH AND THE SKY, DO SO. HOWEVER, 
THIS CAN ONLY HAPPEN BY KNOWLEDGE AND MIGHT). 

That is, in here, no discrimination has been made between Jinns and the 
Community of Humans and it has been indicated that they could go to the corners of 
Earth and the Sky by the Knowledge and the Power they would gain. 



258 



These studies are arranged according to the Consciousness of the Medium. (Like 
the Space studies made in the World, the advanced Dimension studies of other Galaxies 
and the secret communication made under water.) 

God has given Jinns His Authority, His Fury, and His Grace. To Human Beings, He 
has given His Heart His Mercy, His Logic. The Order has been established by this means. 

Jinns are a Group of Messengers who spread the Commands of God everywhere 
and they are the guardians of all the Universes and of God. They have no personal 
actions. Their work is cooperative. (As We always say, do not confuse the term God 
here with the ALMIGHTY.) 

And the Human Being is a Supreme Entity who makes the whole Living Beings 
