of Atatiirk. However, each Totality assembles in itself Consciousnesses who will be 
able to enter its own Aura. 

Now, We are proceeding towards Oneness during this Universal operational 
Ordinance, not towards multiplicity. For this reason the SINGLE DIRECT CHANNEL 
which will make the Universal Unification Call to these Powerful Consciousnesses in 
the Dimension You are in, that is, in the Anatolian Totality, is the Channel of ALPHA 
which is the Projection Center of the System. 

This is the reason why it is said that the Acceptance of the Messages of Call 
declared through the Channel of the Knowledge Book by the Focal Points means the 
Acceptance of the System and the Order. 

We are those who know that in Focal Points in which the chains of Ego have not 
been broken, it is impossible to receive ever a Positive Response to these Calls of 
Unification. However, despite the Scarcity of Time, the techniques of Ripening of Fruits 
are various. We will try to provide these Unification tableaux by October. It is presented 
for Your Information (The Message was given on 15.7.1991). 

UNIFIED REALITY TOTALITY 

Note: Our Friend, You know that the Golden Age is a Program of Transparency. 
For this reason the Universal Totality which wishes that all the Suggestions given to 
You should take their places in the Book so that the Truths can attain clarity requests 
of You that all the Information given concerning Your person should be written exactly 
as it is, without being changed. 

We are those Who know Your difficult life. However, this, too, is a part of Your 
Mission. Social Consciousness which cannot yet grasp the Future and the Truth, will 
be Awakened in proportion with its learning and understanding the Truth. Everything 
is within Time. Everything will Radiate under the Light of Time. 

IT IS DIRECT EXPLANATION FROM THE UNIVERSAL TOTALITY 

Our Friends, 

In the operational Ordinance of the Universal Totality, it is imperative that the 
Information should be disclosed in depth and repeated, so that the given Information 
can settle completely into the Levels of Consciousness. This is a register of the 
Constitution, as a Divine Commandment. 



You know that the Channel of ALPHA is the Single Direct Projection and Unifying 
Channel of the Lordly Dimension. The Brain Power of Dear Mevlana, connected to 
the Cosmo, is Card-indexed directly into the Center of the Channel of ALPHA. 

For this reason She, as the Single Projection Focal Point directly in the Anatolian 
Dimension, constitutes the 10th Brain Power connected to the Projection Totality of 9 
of the Aura Unification Centers of the Knowledge Book in Your Planet. 

848 



For this reason Dear Mevfana is the Spokesperson and the Representative of the 
System. And since the Vertical projection of the Channel of ALPHA is, at the moment, 
on the Anatolian Dimension, Turkey of Atatiirk is the Country charged with Mission. 
Now, the time has come for Humanity to get rid of Form and to regard the Truths from 
a more different and serious point of view. 

The Magnetic Aura formed until this moment by the Knowledge Book which has 
been dictated during ten years, has been Card-indexed into the 9 Projecting Brain 
Powers focused in Three Continents in Your Planet. By this means, the entire Frequency 
of the Knowledge Book is projected on Your Planet silently and profoundly. 

For this reason let Us repeat again, the Single Reflection Center of the Anatolian 
Dimension is the Channel of ALPHA. And the Projection Center is directly Dear Mevlana, 
the 10th Brain Power. 

This is the reason why We have to introduce Dear Mevlana to Your Planet. Because, 
at the moment, Dear Mevlana Represents Directly the System in Your Planet (Due to the 
fact that her Brain Power is Card-indexed Directly into the ALPHA Central Channel). 

Dear Mevlana is a Physical Totality in Your Planet just like You. In fact, She is a 
Consciousness beyond form. However, at the moment, she carries out her Mission 
exactly at a Terrestrial level of Consciousness. For this reason No Permission will ever 
be given for the slightest Medium of Taboo. 

To introduce her to Your Planet is a Divine Command of the Supreme Mechanism. 
And We are those who know the inconveniences Our Friend has been suffering and will 
Suffer during this Introductory Medium. However, as We have said before, the Golden 
Age is a Program of Transparency And there is the obligation of Declaring Everything to 
You clearly. 

In Our former Messages, We have disclosed and introduced to Society, as a necessity 
of the Program, the former lives of Dear Mevlana in Your Planet, and the Mission chains 
she is rendering during this Final Life Period has also been given to You, one by one. 

In accordance with the Accelerated Evolution Program, the foundation of the 
Fourth Order of ALLAH is laid with the Golden Age. The Single World State of the 
Morrows will be constructed on these foundations. 

However, it is a great pity that the Human Being of Your Planet cannot ever 
easily attain a Consciousness beyond form by breaking their chains, no matter how 
Supreme Consciousnesses they may carry. 

The Human Being is the same Human Being in every Period (Exceptions excluded). 
It had been the same Human Being who had made things difficult for and who had 
tortured Our Universal Friends who once had brought the Sacred Suggestions to You 
during periods in which they had been performing Missions in Physical form. 



849 



After these Universal Friends had left the World Platform, that is, (after the Physical 
forms had been effaced from view), Humanity had only then been able to attain a 
Consciousness beyond form by grasping the Truth in accordance with its Consciousness 
assessments. 

Humanity which had attained this Consciousness, had afterwards evaluated its 
Taboos according to their Ego Programs. This is the very Mentality which has brought 
the Planet Earth to the Resurrecting Period of the present. 

The Staffs of Celestial Sovereignty who have opened all these Beautiful paths 
You have treaded until today, are now living among You in Your Planet Embodied. 

However, in this operational Ordinance which is the application field of a Reformic 
Age, You will never be able to recognize and evaluate them according to the Physical 
Forms they carry. They will show You the way in unexpected Personalities. 

At the moment, Humanity has not Still been able to break them away from their 
old forms. If these Celestial Friends had been transferred to Your Planet in their old 
Forms, then Humanity would closely see and understand what Resurrection meant 
and would annihilate each other in accordance with their Religious Taboos. 

This is the reason why the Salvation Plan has been prepared and rendered effective 
in this way. 

They are Our Supreme Friends in the Divine Mechanism who, at the moment, 
make reflections (from the close Plan) in Your Planet. The System knows the Human 
Being of the World closely. The Identities of these Friends have been concealed from 
Society for this reason. 

However, the Identity of Dear Mevlana has been inevitably disclosed to Your 
Planet as a necessity of Mission (Even though We know the pain she will suffer among 
You). Once, no Friend in the Divine Plan had undertaken this difficult Mission. Her 
Love for Humanity - Her Patience - Her Tolerance - Her Consciousness - Her Maturity 
and Civingness are the reasons which made her undertake this Mission. 

This is the reason why We call Dear Mevlana the most Positive Messenger of the 
Divine Plan. She performs and will perform Her Mission as good as she can. The 
Negativities Exhibited belong to Humanity. The anguish of her Essence means the 
anguish of Our Essence. 

Never until today, have We spoken to You so openly. The disclosing of the Identity 
of Dear Mevlana and the dictation of the Knowledge Book to Her never means to 
create a Taboo. 



The Person is not a subject matter in the Mission performed. Now, the time has 
come for everything to be known by its entire transparency. Because, Time is very 
Scarce. Before the Pressure of Time Crushes You, You Crush Your Consciousnesses 
which have become Slaves. You are the ones who will gain. 

850 



The Disclosing of the Truths and the Identities in the Book is a Consciousness 
Selection of Humanity. Accepting the things told is accepting the Truth and the Totality. 
This Message is Conveyed to Your Planet from the Common Pens of the Celestial Staffs 
through the Channel of the System. 

In this Universal Operational Totality, the Acceptance of the Announcements 
conveyed to You through the Channel of Dear Mevlana and of the Book means, let Us 
repeat again, the Acceptance of ALLAH - of Celestial Totality - of the Evolutionary and 
the Universal Ordinances - of the System - of the Ordinance - of the Order and of the 
Reality. It is presented for Your Information. The Message has been transmitted directly 
from the Universal Totality. 

SYSTEM 

IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 

Our Friends, 

The Omega 7" 1 Channel Currents have been recently opened to Your Planet 
gradually. This is a gradual Engraftment Method. 

At the moment Consciousnesses who are able to receive these very Powerful Currents 
are very few in Your Planet, since the currents are attracted in accordance with the Powers 
of Consciousnesses. However, during the processes of time the other Consciousnesses, 
too, will be able to receive these Currents parallel to their Progress. 

The Characteristic of these Currents is to develop the Cellular Performances and 
to habituate the Terrestrial Body to the Energies of each Dimension. 

Provided the Cells within the Terrestrial Body are able to receive these Currents, 
then the same Cells can easily disintegrate and reassemble within their own 
Constitutions. This method is valid in all Galactic Mediums. However, it is applied to 
Your Planet in this Century. 



The Currents You receive at the moment, Accumulate in Physical Bodies, thus, 
Reinforce the Cells. Currents You have attracted formerly have helped the Individuals 
around You to Mature, by being projected to Your Mediums from Your Cells. 

From now on, only Friends who have attained a certain Level of Consciousness 
will be able to receive these Currents which will fortify Your own Maturity. 

The 7th channel of Omega together with the 8th channel, will be directly opened 
to Your Planet on February 1 8 of the 1 992 World year. For this reason the Method of 
Gradual Engraftment is in effect. 
It is presented for Your Information. 



(The Message was given on 9-10-1991) 



SYSTEM 



S51 



CLEAR INFORMATION 

Our Friends, 

We have erased the Periods before the Year 2000. Because, this Period is a Program 
of Preparation. 

In the Universal Totality the Year 2001 will, from now on, be considered as the 
First Century. And the New Age will begin from that date on. Your First, Second, 
Third, Fourth and Fifth Centuries will be the adaptation and preparation of Your Planet 
to its new Medium. 

That is, after these preparations which will continue up until Your 25th Century, 
Your Planet will serve in the Actual and Effective Medium for 5 Centuries. 

The Program of Unification which will comprise the Period of 1 Centuries, that 
is, of 1 000 Years after the Year 2000, will Unite the Human Being of Your Planet under 
the roof of the Single God - Single Order - Single Book Consciousness. 

The Single World State will rise on the Flowery - Luminous - Happy and Original 
Foundations of the Lord's Fourth Order. And the entire Order will come into existence 
in 10 Centuries unless there is no alteration. 

Afterwards, the System will become ineffective and this Book will be transferred 
to the Lordly Order which is Its direct owner. It is presented for Your Information. 



SYSTEM 



IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION 



Our Friends, 

Our Communications with You are not Sessions and Spiritual Seances any more. 
The curtains of the Morrows are opened to Humanity which has attained the Realization 
of the Truth. 

Acting Consciously in accordance with tne suggestions given by the Divine Plan 
will be the Path for Light of Humanity. Just as told in Your Sacred Books, there is no 
forcing in anything. 

However, Conscious efforts in accordance with the Suggestions given to You 
will be the Salvation of Humanity. The time has come now for Realizing that Barren 
Consciousnesses and Unproductive Thoughts will not render Humanity attain anything. 

The Human Factor which has been Trained since periods beyond calculations, 
should now attain the Consciousness of what to do and should grasp the Awareness 
of Unity and Totality. 

In all the Universal Focal Points constituted in Your Planet, operations parallel to 
Social Consciousnesses are rendered. Information which the Friends who work on 
this path receive, is never under their own license. 

852 






■ ! 



Each Information is projected from the Supreme Mechanism as a Light for 
Humanity. No Plan is applied in this Information, but action is made according to 
Social Consciousnesses. 

However, the Knowledge Book has a very Special place in Your Planet. Because, 
it is Directly the Book of the LORD. Because, it is the Book of the Morrows. Through 
this Book (O) Projects His Final Order on Humanity. 

The disclosing of the Truths to Your Planet in all detail has been rendered effective 

by the Divine Plan, as the Command of the LORD. 

The Golden Age which will Radiate under the Conscious Light of Social Views, will 
bring the Order of Light of the Morrows to Your Planet. This is the reason why the Supreme 
Mechanism wishes that all the Focal Points in Your Planet should now be released from 
Seance Auras and should get in action by the Consciousness of the Truth. 

All the Focal Points which know the Scarcity of Time still do not embrace the Calls 
for Unification. All the Universal Focal Points supposing that the Tightest path is their own 
way, act in accordance with their own Consciousnesses due to this fact. 

The Mechanism of Divine Justice wishes You to attain once more the 
Consciousness that the Information given to You by the Universal Totality is not Your 
Personal possession. 

It has been desired that this Message of Ours should be added as a supplementary 
Notice into the Files to be sent to the Focal Points. It is presented for Your Information. 



SYSTEM 



GENERAL MESSAGE 



Our Friends, 

The Frequencies of the Opening Channels are always supervised by a Mechanism 
of control. Sending everyone to Focal Points where he/she will be satisfied according 
to his/her Level of curiosity and the mutual operations rendered cause Individuals to 
Grasp the Truth more quickly. 

During the channel work rendered, besides the controversial and incorrect 
Information, Correct Information is also given for the satisfaction of the Medium. By 
this means, the Individual is urged more towards Mediums of Quest. 

And by this means, Human Being grasps the Truth better one day and thus, 
settles into the Consciousness of what he/she will serve for. 



853 



While the opening channels attract the Information from their own Essence 
Archives, the reflections of the System become effective, too, and subject them to trial 
by various means. This is a Method of Training. 

The Information of the channels who have not been connected to the System 
yet and who attract the Information from their own Essence Sources should be accepted 
with reservation. Information attracted through People's own essence channels is the 
Information Accumulation they had received during the time periods they had gone 
through in their former lives. 

And until the direct connections to the System of these people whose channels 
are opened during this Period are made, the Information given from here has the 
characteristics of attracting Human Being's curiosity. 

And since there are many contradictions within all this Information, Humanity 
working and occupying itself with these channels will always drag itself towards 
deceptions in accordance with different Thoughts. 

The selection of everyone is his/her own wish. Besides the Conscious 
Contradictions added to the Knowledge Book for Determining the Levels of 
Consciousness, the Book is the most correct index projected from the Direct Lordly 
Source and it is a Guide Book. 

If each opened Channel directly compares the Information he/she receives with 
the Information of the Knowledge Book, he/she will discover the Correct and True 
Information and thus, will grasp the Truth. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



854 



*m 



1992 Second Month 
Fascicule 50 

IT IS NOTICE TO THE FOCAL POINTS WHICH SERVE 
ON THE UNIVERSAL PATH 

Our Friends, 

In accordance with the Universal Ordinance, it is imperative that the Unification 
Tableaux rendered in all Totalities should be supervised by a single hand. For this 
reason in all the Planets in which Universal operations are made, the Missions which 
will be made in the Systems that are tried to be established, are in effect in accordance 
with the Central Administrative Laws. 



The time has now come for all the Friends who have taken the Mission of serving 
Humanity and who had made Covenants with the Supreme Authorities, to start 
Cooperative Operational Mediums by Realizing the Truth in the shortest possible time. 
The Unification of all the Totalities which have undertaken their Universal Missions in 
Your Planet up until today, will provide Humanity attain the Awareness of the 
Ordinance, in a very short time. 

The operations made and the Information received by each Focal Point serving 
on this Universal path parallel to the Consciousness of Society possess an enlightening 
factor for their Mediums from their own Dimensional Energies. 

However, the Supreme Mechanism wishing that all the operations made during 
this Final Age should be made by a Collective Consciousness, desires that the 25th 
Fascicule of 1 988 World Year, which is like the summary of the Knowledge Book, should 
especially be given to all the Totalities for which Files had been prepared up until 
today by the Command of Unification. 

Humanity does not possess at the moment, the Power to read the entire 
Knowledge Book which has a very loaded Frequency and Knowledge Culture 
(exceptions excluded). From now on, it is desired that this Fascicule should especially 
be added to the Files which we wish You to send to the Focal Points and Associations 
and everyone's reading it be thus provided. 

It is the request of the Universal Totality that Our Universal Friends who have 
attained the Awareness of the Ordinance until today and thus, who have attained the 
ability to be Presidents in Focal Points and Associations, to read this Fascicule again 
and again and thus, to shed Light on Unification. 

It is a wish desired by all the Totalities of the Universal Ordinance Council that 
the Presidents of all the Associations and Focal Points which have shed Light on this 
path on Humanity until today, to Work Cooperatively at a Joint assembly and to share 
Mutually the Suggestions which will be given directly by the System from now on and 
thus, to shed Light on their Planet from the Turkey of Ataturk as a missionary Country, 
by means of Collective Pens. It is presented for Your Information. 



SYSTEM 



855 



Note: 

These Cosmic influences which are received in certain Continents and Sections 
of Your Planet are causing certain degenerations and misinterpretations during 
Awareness Progress. For this reason the initial Lights will be projected on Your World 
from the Turkey of Atatiirk. 

1992 World Year is the Direct application Year of the Mevlana Supreme Plan on 
Your Planet. And within the Totality of this Year, the Cooperative operational Plans of 
all the Totalities serving on this Universal path have been rendered effective. We invite 
all the Establishments which serve Humanity within this working Program to Unity - 
Totality and Unification. 

IT IS INFORMATION FOR INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 

Our Friends, 

Systems applied within the operational Orders of the Divine Plans and the Systems 
applied on the work done during this Dimension of Transition are not the same 
Frequency and the same Operational Orders. 

The Totality of the System - Ordinance - Order Triplet within the Lordly Dimension 
which is the Main Source of the Knowledge Book is called the Godly System. 

All the Messages given to You in the Knowledge Book by the System are the 
Total of these Thiee Totalities. And it is called the "Main System". 

According to all the Universal Unification Programs made during this Final Age, 
there is the obligation to open also towards the Totalities of the other Energy Dimensions. 

There are Plans applied during the preparations of the Programs made on this 
path and there are also the Mini Systems, Special Ordinances and Orders of these 
Plans peculiar to themselves. 

The style of exhibition of all the operations made either in Terrestrial Procedures 
or in the Universal Totalities depends on a System - Ordinance - Order triplet. 

In all the operations made until today, from the Micro towards the Macro, there 
is a System of Reflection and Ordinance of Exhibition and an Order of Application. 

This is the reason why the Main Godly System within the Knowledge Book 
dictated in connection with the Direct Lordly Order is the Preparation - Emanation 
and the Applied System of everything. 

In the Totality of the Giirz, the System of the All Merciful's Dimension is this. And 
the Book is dictated in connection with this System. 

In the operational Ordinances of all the Totalities within the Universal Totality, 
there is always a Triple Unification Tableau belonging to their Own Mediums. 



856 






And each Totality renders effective their Ordinances and Orders by applying a 

System belonging to themselves. That is, there is always an Application of a System in 
the operational Ordinances and Orders of each Dimension Totality. 

However, let Us repeat again, the System mentioned in the Knowledge Book is 
the Applied field of the Fourth Order of the direct Lordly Totality. And this is called The 
Main System. There are two reasons why all the Information given to Your Planet do 
not settle down exactly into the Levels of Consciousness: 

1 - The Capacity of each Consciousness is peculiar to himself/herself. 

2 - A Chaos originating from vocabulary shortage is experienced in the Information 

given to Your Planet. 

This is neither Your, nor Our fault. This Fault belongs to the opening of all the 
Channels, to the differences of the Evolution Equalities and to the very Powerful and 
intense Frequencies of the Information squeezed into the Scarcity of Time. 

This is the reason why the Supreme Realm sets out only with Friends who are 
able to Integrate with their Essences during this Period of Transition in which the 
differences of Consciousness and Evolution are displayed. 

However, during this Period, the Essences are concealed, but Thoughts and 
Irresponsibilities are evident. There will always be deceptions in Mediums where 
Assessments are made in accordance with Forms. For this reason no one will know 
who is who and Consciousnesses will be coded by this means. 

In Your World which is pregnant to extraordinary events, the Selections of Advanced 
Consciousnesses are made by various means. In accordance with an operational Ordinance 
which the System considers necessary, the Channels of Provocation, too, are in effect with 
all their Powers, alongside with people who act on this path. 

And the selections of Consciousnesses who Deserve the Morrows are made directly 
by the System and those who are selected are card-indexed into the Main Registration 
Center. 



Now, during the operations made concerning the Selections of the Advanced 
Consciousnesses, the Levels of Consciousness of Humanity are gathered, one by one, 
by the Information given to each channel from different Sources and thus, the tests to 
which degree the Truth has been Realized are made. 

For this reason those who esteem the Information given to every channel deceive 
themselves. Being directly the System's Essence Missionary Staffs, We transmit to You 
the Truths exactly as they are through the Knowledge Book, without projecting on 
You, in any way, the Knowledge of different Dimensions. 

According to the Plan made, the Skies will be folded, but one day Humanity will 
be happy. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 

857 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

All the Information is present in the Human Being in accordance with their Levels 
of Consciousness. Because, the Truths have been card-indexed within Your Genes. 
Their unfoldment are dependent on the Evolution and the Consciousness of the Person 
in question. 

This is the reason why the Human factor has been subjected to Education and 
Evolution. To Know but Not to Know - To Say but Not to Believe - To Perceive but to 
Doubt are each a criterion of the measure of the Genuine Human Being. 

Now, ail the Secrets have been unveiled. The path the Genuine Human Being 
will tread, from now on, is this path. The Information given to Your Planet at the 
moment is Universe Embracing. 

However, the Information received is according to the Levels of Consciousness, 
One day, Grains will become Particles and the Particles will form a Group. And in 
time, the Groups will form a Total. 

Humanity will attain this Total by its Awareness Progress. Each Awareness Progress 
will witness only his/her own Individual Salvation. 

The Human Being, who is a breath within Society, as a Breath of ALLAH, in 
proportion with his/her inability to attain that Totalistic Consciousness and as long as 
he/she remains in his/her Individualistic Thoughts, he/she will never be able to inhale 
The Totalistic Breath of ALLAH, even if he/she attains the voice of ALLAH, even if he/ 
she has a conversation with ALLAH. 

The Knowledge Book will make You inhale the SINGLE Breath of the Total by 
preparing Humanity for this Social Consciousness. And one day, Humanity will attain 
The Infinite Awareness of ALLAH by this means and thus, it will also become an (O). It 
is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION 

Our Friends, 

All the Systems up to the 1 8th Dimension are within the Gurz. The Supervisor of 
this Dimension is the All-Dominating. 

The intense Energy Layers within Omega begin after the end of the 18th 
Dimension and the beginning of the 19th Dimension. This place is the Omega Sun. 
And this is the 1 6th Solar System. Its Energy intensity is 76. 

Since the first section of the intense Energy Layers within Omega are projected 
on the 1 5th Solar Dimension, too, the Divine Plans consider the 15th Solar System 
also as the Energy of Omega. 

858 



M 



These intense Energies reflect onto the Omega Sun through Four Channels. Each 
Channel corresponds to a 19 Energy Totality. That is, 19X4=76 comprises the Energy 
Totality within Omega. These are as follows in sequence: 

1 - This Channel is the Reflective Energy of Religious Doctrines. It Projects its Program. 

2 - From here, Programs of Evolutionary Doctrines are Reflected. This Channel 

Educates and Trains. 

3 - This Channel, as the Reflecting Focal Point of the Universal Energies, applies the 

Programs of Universal Teachings. 

4 - And this Channel Projects and Applies the Mutual operations of the Spiritual 

and the Lordly Plans. 

After the 19th Dimension, the System of the All-Merciful is directly in effect. All 
the Dimensions from Your Planet up to the Evolutionary Scales are administered by 
the Mutual Reflections of the Spiritual and the Lordly Focal Points. 

All these Reflections are projected within the Channel of Omega. Only in the 
Dimension of Exit, the intense Energy Layers within Omega are opened layer by layer, 
in accordance with Social Consciousnesses. 

Individuals pass to much more Advanced Plans according to their Powers of 
Perceiving these Energies. These Energy Layers have been opened gradually to Your 
Planet, starting with the beginning of the 1988 World Year. 

At the moment, numerous Friends in Your Planet who were able to make 
Consciousness Progress are perceiving the Energies within Omega, beginning from 
one, up to 4 and 5, through the Frequencies of the Programs of Religious Teachings. 

But the 6th Layer Energy Frequency is received easily by those who read the 
Knowledge Book. Those who are in the Religious Dimension are constrained. These 
Energies are Reflective and Projective Energies. However, very few people in Your 
Planet will be able to receive the Energies of the 7th and 8th Layers within Omega. 

Because first, Patience and Willpower and later, ( 3 Monkeys Philosophy) are a 
Must in order to receive these Energies. That is, Thou Shall Not See - Thou Shall Not 
Hear - Thou Shall Not Talk. For this reason Religious Purification Programs have speedily 
been rendered effective in Your Planet presently. 

These Energies are not Reflective, but are Accumulative in a person. By these 
Energies, Your Cellular Powers will be Regenerated and thus, will attain more Power. 
In Individuals who have not rendered the Evolution of Patience and Willpower, this 
Accumulation may cause Spiritual Pressures. 

Since these Energies will be able to be attracted only in a relaxed Medium, it is 
presumed that these Energies will only be able to reach certain Consciousnesses, 
considering the conditions of Your Planet becoming more and more intense. 

In case Cellular Vibrations possess a Power in the same Coordinate with these 
Energies, they can easily be subjected to the Method of Beaming up. 

859 



Otherwise, Cells which do not share the same Coordinate during the Beaming 
up process, either become Embodied with missing Organs in the Mediums where 
they will be Materialized, or their entire Cellular Totalities become disintegrated and 
annihilated in the Void. 

This is the reason why the 7 - 8 Omega Layer Energies will be projected on Your 
entire Planet until the Year 2000, beginning with 1992 as open service. 

(Open Service = Not Gradual but Direct Projection). 

The Method of Beaming up will be able to be applied only to those who are 
able to receive the Energies of the 7th and the 8th Layers in Your Planet. For this 
reason the Knowledge Book has been prepared and bestowed on You by the 9th 
Energy Dimension within Omega which We call The Golden Light Year and Path. 

Each Consciousness who can Integrate with the entire Frequency of the 
Knowledge Book will be able to go through Materialization very easily during the 
Medium of Beaming up. Various Methods which are applied during the Salvation 
Plan of Your Planet have been organized in accordance with the Consciousness Progress 
of Humanity. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



GENERAL MESSAGE 

Our Friends, 

A System of Assembling has been taken into the application field at the 
Dimensions up to the 1 8th Dimension, within the Evolutionary Scales rendered effective 
in accordance with the Ordinance of the Systems. But the 1 9th Dimension is a Network 
of Reflection. 

A Program of Gathering is valid up to the 72nd Energy Dimension. A Special Training 
Program is applied between the 72nd Energy Dimension and the 76th Energy Dimensions. 

This Program is provided by a Reflection rendered directly from the 76th Energy 
Dimension and the Knowledge Book has been bestowed on Your Planet from this very 
order of Reflection. In fact, the Reflection System of the Knowledge Book, which is the 
contents of all the Celestial Information, is Infinite. 

In proportion with the shifting of Your Consciousnesses towards the Infinite and 
even towards Infinities beyond the Infinite, even Centuries later, this Single Book has 
the Power to Call to You from every Dimension, in accordance with Your Levels of 
Consciousness (parallel to the Social Views). Because, the Knowledge Book is the 
Book of the RAB (Means Lord in Turkish). 

The word RAB here, represents the Totality of (R 3 ). But if We unfold it one by one 
and decode it: 

R = represents the ALPHA 
A - represents Alemler (Realms, in Turkish) 
B = represents Biitun (Total, Whole in Turkish) 

860 



m 




If We open up the Letter B in here, We obtain Number 13. Number (1) in here 
represents the ONE, that is, the (SINGLE), and Number (3), the Three Focal Points of 
Reflection. This is the very Projection Order of the System. Everything reflects from 
One to Three. 

The Reflection Focal Point of the Initial Universal and Evolutionary Pyramid is 
this. This Focal Point of Reflection, in fact, exhibits the Operational Ordinance of the 
Unification Totality of (One)+(Three). 

Now, let Us explain this by a diagram. Draw, please: 

The Focal Point of (1) seen in this diagram projects 
its first Reflection on 3 Focal Points and thus 
establishes it's First Prismal Totality. 

Afterwards, the (1) projects the reflection of each 
triangle of this Triple Prism which is connected to 
itself, on three different Triangles and thus, creates 
a 6-faced Prism. 

This Totalistic Prism establishes its First System being 
connected to the Main Focal Point (1), that is, to 
the SINGLL This is called the System of Sixes. And 
its Operational Ordinance is the Flower System. 

This is the first Micro Order established. And all the Information You have attained 
until today has been conveyed to You from the Reflection Focal Points of the Unified 
Fields formed by the dissemination networks of this method. 

This 6-faced Prism is the Reflection Total of 3 upside down and 3 face Triangle 
Focal Points. Now, We offer this First Universal and Evolutionary application to Your 
Planet exactly as it is. 

In Your Planet a Totality formed by Three people (on the same Coordinate) is a 
Totality Projection of the operational Order in which it is present. 

In the Universal Dimensions, this Triple Totality of an operational Order is called 
a COUNCIL. We Symbolize it also by the name Association at the Terrestrial Order. 

Because, this Totality formed by Three People of a Totality, represents the entire 
Totality to which it is connected (in Universal Dimensions and including the operational 
Totalities in every section of Your Planet). 

By this means working Cooperatively as a Total of the Totalities formed by Three 
people of Three different Totalities establishes the System of (9)s. 

The Unification of this System of (9)s with a 2nd (9) is the entire functioning 
Ordinance of the Universal Order. This Totality is a Focal Point of Reflection of the 
maximum Power. The initial Base of the Law of the 1 8 Systems is this. 



861 



(9) of this Totality of 18 render Right side up and the other (9) render upside 
down Triangle Reflection. For this reason Evolutionary and Universal rules have been 
rendered effective so that this Totality of 1 8 can pulsate as the same pulse. 

The Centrifugal Ordinance functions parallel to this Law of Equilibrium. The 
Rotational Speeds of Galaxies have been prepared in accordance with these Periods. 
Laws of Equilibrium of the Ordinance of Connected Vessels have been Formulated in 
accordance with this Formula. The Law of Gravitation is in effect in accordance with 
this Ordinance. 

All the Known and Unknown Totalities are in effect according to the Coordinate 
Reflections of these Laws of 1 8 Systems. Each Person who Integrates Himself/Herself 
within his/her Self is a Reflection of an Ordinance of 1 8. And he/she, from then on, is 
in effect as a Focal Point of Projection of the Ordinance of Universes. 

Now, by this System which is applied on Your Planet, the Aura of the Knowledge 
Book will be Projected on all the Universes. However, it is Imperative that the Human 
Being should first be Integrated with himself/herself. Love felt for the Human Being is 
the Love felt for the Total. 



SYSTEM 



IT IS GENERAL NOTICE FOR THE PLANET EARTH 



Our Friends, 

The Negativities formed in Your Planet in which the final preparations for entering 
a New Age, originate from the fact of the Human Consciousnesses' lacking the 
Consciousness of the Truth yet. 

In Your Planet which is the application field of a Program of great Progress, the 
Suggestions given from the Divine Plan and the Actions, which is desired at that 
direction, are never without reason. If there is anything required of You, then it is 
necessary and very important. 

The Administrative Plans of the Divine Administrative Laws are applied on Your 
Planet silently and profoundly. The Purpose is to induce the Human Being to gain the 
Human Being and to prepare him/her for the coming Days. 

We are in touch through different Sources with all Our Terrestrial Friends who 
are Conscious of this since the beginning of Our Century. During this Universal journey 
made together with the Integrated Consciousnesses, the Divine Mechanism is obliged 
to declare to You all the Truths through the Channel of the Knowledge Book, 

This is the reason why during all the Sessions rendered in Your Planet until today, 
the Truths have been declared to You piece by piece and Your Codes of Curiosity have 
been provoked and thus, You have been guided towards the Unknowns by this means. 



862 






. ; J 



■ 



- — 



Now, the time has come for setting out with Consciousnesses who know all the 
Truths and to proceed on the way Consciously. The preparation of Your Planet for the 
present days has been rendered by various Sources and various Channels. This is a 
Method of Training and a Program of Preparation for the future. 

This is the reason why all the Totalities which can receive the Information is 
unable to restrain their Egos, by presuming that they themselves are the unique sources 
of this Information. At the moment, Your Planet is going through this very Chaos. 

Information given to each person whose Channel being opened, parallel to his/ 
her level of Consciousness, is an occurrence completely pertaining to his/her Programs 
of training. As We always say, Knowledge renders a Person Conscious and a Person 
who becomes Conscious can grasp the Truth more comprehensively 

The Session works made and will be made by the Consciousnesses who have 
been Awakened and will awake in Your Planet until today by Cosmic influences, 
originates from the satisfaction of curiosities, due to the fact that the Truth has not 
been Realized yet. 

This is the reason why, We wish that now the awakened Person does not need 
Sessions any longer and he/she should Supervise his/her Consciousness by the Divine 
Light he/she receives and by the Totality of Intellect - Logic - Awareness. 

Sources who receive Information also receive the Currents of Ego as a necessity 
of the Program. By this means, the propagation of the Information in Your Planet and 
their conveyance to various sources are provided and thus, Networks of Propagation 
are formed in accordance with the Levels of Consciousness. This, too, is a Program. 

However, these Programs cause Separations rather than Unification in Friends 
who have not yet attained a Universal and Evolutionary Consciousness. The Knowledge 
Book is a Celestial Guide of Assistance revealed to Your Planet in order to declare to 
You everything clearly for this reason. 

The Knowledge Book is not a Book of Session. The Knowledge Book is a Divine 
Totality of Suggestions which will help You during the Difficult Periods in which You 
will go through the medium of doubt. 

And it is a Book of Guidance which will unveil, one by one, the Packages of Questions 
in the Thoughts of all the Friends who live Today and will live during the Morrows. 

As We have said before, 600 Books are being dictated in Your Planet which 
compromise the Information parallel to certain Plans and Programs of the Human Being 
who is being Awakened presently. These Books are the conveyance of the Truth to You by 
different means. 

However, the Knowledge Book is dictated in Your Planet, to Our Universal Friend, 
Your Sister who lives among You by the name (Vedia Bulent Onsu f orak), in connection 
with the ALPHA Central Archive, the Channel of the (LORD), which is the Single Source. 



863 






This Sister of Yours is a Celestial Friend of Ours who once had lived in the Anatolian 
Turkey in the form of Mevlana Celaleddin-i Rumi. And this Friend had always been 
Transferred to Your Planet in various periods in different forms and had always helped 
You. 



During this Program of Transition, the obligation to unfold the Information to 
You in all their Transparency is being felt, so that You can be free of Consciousness 
Fixations and of Egos and can grasp the Truths better. 

At the moment, the Consciousness selections of the Advanced Dimensions are 
in effect in Your Planet. For this reason each channel is obliged to display all the 
Information he/she receives. Humanity will make its Genuine Selection under the 
Light of this Information. 

Diving into the Thought Ocean of the Pre-eminent Power is not an easy Phenomenon 
at all. Humanity is passing over it's Sirat In Your Planet in which the Negativities are 
exhibited due to this fact, the morrows will open Luminous paths to You. 

Taboos are a Phenomenon originating from the Unevolved states of the Human 
Consciousnesses. The Genuine Human Being is the Person who Loves - Respects and 
Helps. Due to the Scarcity of Time, the Knowledge Book which has directly Declared 
to Your Planet all the Truths until today, will be the Light of the Paths and the Cradle of 
Awakenings during the Morrows, too. 

Humanity will one day be free from the chains of Taboos and thus, will discover 
its Essence-Source. And the Human Being who discovers this Source will never again 
think of the Suggestions of the Celestial Totality as an Enforcement or as being Oriented. 
Because, he/she will understand what the Truth is. From then on, that Human Being 
is the property of the Universes, the Cosmoses. 

No matter how high those fly, who still cannot unlock their Terrestrial chains, 
always one of their feet will remain tied to the World Plan by that chain. Your Chains 
are Your Doubts - Your Egos - Your Fears. 

Due to this fact, You have been trained until today on the Godly path and have 
been prepared for the Universal Dimensions. Now, together with the Human Totalities 
which have been prepared, We are flying towards the Dimensions of Truth. 

For this reason this Book in Your hands has been dictated to Our Universal Friend 
and for this reason, it has been bestowed on Your Planet. 

This Message of Ours has been given as a chain of Thoughts by the Collective 
Staffs of the Totality of the Pre-eminent All-Merciful to the Planet Earth. Read - Think - 
Grasp the Truth now by getting rid of Doubts. 

It is Notice of the Cortege of the 
Coordinate Totality of the Dimension of the All-Merciful 

R+A+H+M+A+N 
(All-Merciful) 

864 



Note: 

The frequency of this Message of Ours comprises all the Frequency of the Omega 
7-8-9 Energy Dimensions. The Energy Layers from 1 to 6 within Omega are Training 
Energies. But the 7-8-9 Energy Layers are Conveying Energies. In the World Year 
1 992, February 1 8, these three Energies will be opened as a Whole to Your Planet as 
an open channel until the Year 2000. This Totality of Three Energies is connected to 
the direct Energy Dimension of the Supreme Assembly. It is Our most sincere wish that 
Your Entire Planet can receive these Energies. 

IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION 

Dear Friends, 

During the inducement of the Humanity to attain the Entire Awareness of the 
Ordinance, the selection operations rendered effective, the mistaken assessments 
formed in each Consciousness, cause the Humanity to deviate from the Truths. 

Now, let Us introduce to You the System - Ordinance - Order a little more clearly. 

This Totality of Three is connected as a Whole directly to the Council of the Universal 
Ordinance. This Council has rendered effective the Supervision of this Totality as the 
System of ALLAH. And all the operations done at the moment are for this SYSTEM. 

This System is a Higher Authority. The Ordinance and the Order work as a Total 
in connection with it. (The System is the Totality of ALLAH - Unity of ALLAH - and is the 
Supreme Mechanism). 

The Educative factor of the System is the Plan. And its Executive factors are the 
Ordinance and the Order. (The Ordinance plans the operations and renders them 
effective - the Order executes them). The Three of them are a Whole. And they are in 
service as the SINGLE System. 

This System is and will be directly in effect during the Three Cosmic Ages. However, 
the First Cosmic Age comprises the Period of Dear Mevlana as the Direct Spokesperson 
of the System. And this Period has been offered to Humanity as a favor during the 
Salvation Plan of Humanity. 



During the Second Cosmic Age, again the System is in effect, 
intensive Plans of the Ordinance will become effective, 



However, more 



During the Second Cosmic Age, the MESSENGER OF THE ORDINANCE of the 
Triple Unification, that is of the (System - Ordinance - Order) will become embodied 
and will live in Your Planet with his/her Totality and Energy of that Dimension, just like 
Dear MEVLANA. 

However, no one in Your Planet will know this Universal Friend of Ours. 

He/She will receive his/her activities from the Plan and will induce people establish 
and execute these Plans silently by making Reflections on to the Brains. 



865 



During the Third Cosmic Age also, the same method is in effect. During this 
Period in which the SPOKESPERSON OF THE ORDER will live in Your Planet with the 
same conditions, again nobody will know this Universal Friend of Ours. And he/she 
will project on the Brains the Reflections and the Applied Systems of the Order and 
thus, will render People establish these Universal operations. 

This is the reason why no Period is entrusted either to the Ordinance or to the 
Order. 

The Speciality of the First Cosmic Age is the fact that all the Truths are offered to 
Your Planet in all clarity, and the direct application on Your Planet of the Unification 
Program of the MEVLANA SUPREME PLAN. 

This application is in effect as a Triple Total directly from the SYSTEM, that is, 
from the SUPREME MECHANISM. For this reason the Physical Characteristic and the 
Identity of Dear Mevlana have been especially introduced to Your Planet in accordance 
with the Mission she performs. 

Since during the First Cosmic Age all the operations made on the Path of the 
Knowledge Book are obliged to be card-indexed into the System, the Registration of 
the Friends who had not made Covenants with the Main System in the Universal 
Totalities in accordance with the Plan of Unification, are also made into the System by 
considering their services parallel to the work they perform on the path of the System. 

These Friends are the Messengers of the Advanced Ordinance and the Order of 
their Own Totalities, who come from various Systems. And they have received the 
Permission to have a Physical Body during this Period of Transition, in order to help 
the Godly Order. 

However, they will be card-indexed into the Godly Order by the work they will 
perform in accordance with the Suggestions of the System and the Knowledge Book. 

For this reason a Universal selection is made, by the Information given to all the 
channels, by Coding, one by one, the Totalities of Intellect and Heart, Allegiance 
Consciousness and Levels of grasping the Truth, together with the differences in 
Consciousnesses. 

Each Dimension is acceptable in the Universal Totality. Each Totality is Respectable. 
However, there is the obligation in this Universal Unification that all the Totalities 
should be Connected to a SINGLE CHANNEL. It is presented for Your Information. 

UNIVERSAL ORDINANCE COUNCIL 



366 



IT IS NOTICE OF THE SUPREME MECHANISM 

Our Friends, 

The Advanced Consciousness Codings are made for all the Missionaries who Serve 
on an operational Dimension the System considers necessary. These Advanced selections 
will continue in every section of Your Pianet until 1996 World Year. 

You know that in Your Planet which is going through a Mediamic Age, everyone's 
channel is open in accordance with the Capacity of the Individual in question. However, 
the opening of the channels is not important at all, The Purpose is the Person's 
Supervising his/her Channel and his/her being able to receive the Messages 
