of the ESSENCE. This type of Transmission makes a Reflection of One to a Thousand. 

This is the very reason why Humanity needs Evolution. The Slogans of Patience 
- Love - Tolerance - Humaneness - Unity have been given until today on every Section 
in every Period of Your Planet for this reason. 

An integrated ESSENCE, that is, when (ESSENCE Consciousness - Cellular 
Awareness - Essence-Logic) Unify and become a Whole, it has the Power to be able to 
transform all the Negatives in the Terrestrial Thoughts to Positive. This is the very 
reason why this is called in the Sacred Books, Unifying the Intellect and the Heart. 

The ESSENCE is the Existential Program of an Entity. The Cipher Program of the 
Gene is opened and becomes effective by the Transmission of the ESSENCE. As the 
Evolution Dimensions of an Individual are unveiled by the Evolutions he/she has 
accomplished as a result of the Events he/she had attained by experience, (the ESSENCE, 
too) becomes intensified and thus, attracts the Energy of the Spiritual Power from the 
Dimensions it has entered and connects it to the Cellular Awareness, 

And by this means, the Evolution of the Cell becomes effective. When the Cellular 
Evolution of the Crude Matter becomes Integrated with the Totality of the ESSENCE, 
the Transmission field of the Individual can reach beyond the Universes. The moment 
64 Billion Evolved Cells get Directly in Touch with the Brain Power of the Individual, 
each of them becomes a Cellular Brain. 

And the (ESSENCE GENE) which is the Key of the Existential Program of the 
Individual may give, as Engraftments, these Cellular Brains to other ESSENCES. These 
Cellular Brain Genes are the Evolution Fuel of the Individual who receives Engraftment. 
These Engraftment Genes only attract Energy. 

And they continue their Duties as Evolution Fuels until they Convey the Individual 
to the Consciousness of the ESSENCE Gene. When the Consciousness of the Individual 
who has received Gene Engraftment becomes Equivalent to the Consciousness of that 
Gene (the ESSENCE GENE), the Cellular Brain terminates its Program. And Connects 
him/her to the Universal Program. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



1018 



■MM 



11 -2-1993 
IT IS DIRECT NOTICE FROM THE SUPREME REALM 
(It is Answer to Questions) 

Our Friends, 

The Operational Order of the Whole in which the Entire Ordinance is assembled in 
a Whole is Equivalent to the Operational Totality of the Natural Gurz. The Operational 
Ordinance of the Natural Gurz is a Trinity. And this Totality is expressed by the R^ Symbol. 

The Central Totality of Suns within the Light-Universe is the Administrative 
Mechanism of the entire Gurz System. And in the Totality of this Mechanism, the 
LORD - the ALL-MERCIFUL - the ALL-COMPASSIONATE work Cooperatively. 

However, since all the Suggestions issue out from the Light-Universe, it is called 
the Dimension of the ALL-MERCIFUL. In this Dimension, there are branches working 
Directly in connection with the All-Merciful. These are the Universal Ordinance Council 
and the United Ordinance Council. 

And the Hierarchical Operational Order of the Mechanism of the LORD, that is, 
the Dimension of the Creator are the System - Ordinance - Order Triplet and the Cosmos 
Federal Totality. The System - Ordinance - Order Triplet is a Whole. And they always 
work Cooperatively. 

At the moment, the SYSTEM represents the Operational Totality of them all. And 
the Reality of the Unified Humanity and the Golden Galaxy Empire have undertaken 
the Hierarchical Order of the Operational Mechanism of the ALL-COMPASSIONATE, 
that is, the Dimension of the ALL-DOMINATING. 

The GURZes which are each a Totalistic Reflection Mechanism of the KURZ System, 
organize their Operational Orders and all their Knowledge according to the Totality 
of the NATURAL GURZ. 

The functions of all the Gurzes within the Thought Ocean of the PRE-EMINENT 
POWER and named by the terminology the Artificial Gurz, are separate according to 
the Performance of their own Totalities. 

However, their Operational functions are obliged to act exactly in connection with 
the Hierarchical Totality of the Natural Gurz. For this reason the Natural Gurz is also 
called "The Gurz of Gods" in the Universal Totality. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



1019 



12-2-1993 



THE SALVATION PLAN 



Our Friends, 

All the Information conveyed to Your Planet from the Divine Plans in which the 
Supreme Authorities of the Universal Layers is present, is given from different 
Operational Dimensions being filtered Layer by Layer until they reach Your Planet. 

The Dimension from which the Knowledge Book is conveyed to You is the Dimension 
of 9 Lights. And this Book is dictated from the Last Layer within OMEGA This Information 
is conveyed from the Dimension of the ALL- MERCIFUL which is the Single Operational 
and "Reflection Totality of the KURZ Totality, to the Dimension of 9 Lights. 

The Final Reflection Dimension of the Religious Suggestions is the 7 Lights. It 
corresponds to the 18th Dimension. The Information dictated into the Sacred Books 
from this Dimension had been given also from the same Focal Point, that is, from the 
Totality of the ALL-MERCIFUL, being prepared parallel to the Levels of Consciousness. 

The 18th Dimension is the Layer of Religious Integration. Between 18 and 19 is the 
Layer of Intercession, There, the Supreme Ones in their Own Totalities Help Friends who 
are in all kinds of Dimensions of Religious Faith. Only under the auspices of their help the 
Permission to Enter the 19th Dimension is given. This is called "the Salvation Plan". 

The Knowledge Book is a Totalistic Book Comprising all the Information beyond 
7 Lights and 9 Lights. 

And it Projects on You from the close plan the Energies of all the Layers beyond 
OMEGA, by the Light * Photon - Cyclone Technique and thus, prepares Your Bodily Totality 
for those Plans and Layers by the Method of Engraftment, without agitating You. 

Since all the Energies received from close plan are received parallel to the Levels of 
Consciousness, the Consciousnesses are unveiled Layer by Layer, without any agitation. 

This Book will apply on You the ALPHA Entrance - OMEGA Exit Program mentioned 
in the Sacred Books and thus, will prepare You, by its Special Technique, for 19 
Centuries, for Dimensions You do not Know. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 

13 - 2 - 1993 

IT IS INFORMATION FOR OUR TERRESTRIAL FRIENDS 
(It is Explanation about the Lale Program) 

Our Friends, 

The LALE Program is in effect as a very distinguished Program of the Divine Orders. 
The Name LALE used in here is not rendered effective as a flower but as a Figure 
Symbolizing the Name of ALLAH. 



1020 



irmmimrwfr* 



This is the reason why this Program has been called THE LALE PROGRAM. Because, 
the Application of this Program is an Operational Ordinance peculiar Directly to ALLAH. 
Operations to be made in Your Planet in Future Years, have each been prepared as a 
Package Program in accordance with the states of Awakening of the Consciousnesses. 

According to the Universal calculations made in the Universal Program, the 1999- 
2000 World Years have been taken into Program as the reaching point to the desired 
Level of Consciousness Progress during the Life process of Humanity in Your Planet. 

After the Year 2000, 33 Package Programs will be opened to Your Planet according 
to the Consciousness Lights. The first of these Programs is the LALE Program. However, 
this Program would have been opened to Your Planet on the Month of November, 
1998 World Year. 

As a result of not receiving Positive answers to the Unification Invitations given 
from the direct Channel of Dear Mevlana and due to the Negativities perceived in the 
Missions rendered, the opening of this Program has been brought forward and has 
been rendered effective even though it was early, since the need has been felt for a 
Speedy Tempo. 

However, the Direct Missionaries who will take their places in this Program have 
also been card -indexed into the Program and have been taken into effect. Light-Brains 
who will carry on this Totality in Your Medium in Future Years are awaiting. The moment 
the Individual Egos are overcome, this Program will Securely and Consciously be carried 
out under the Supervision of the System. 

During the Operations of the LALE Program, Vigilance of Consciousness, too, is 
very Important, besides Evolutions. This is the reason why the Consciousness Lights, 
too, besides the Evolutions of each Awakened Consciousness are Measured and his/ 
her Coordinates are assessed in accordance with his/her Dimensions of Mission. It is 
presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



14-2- 1993 



GENERAL NOTICE 



Our Friends, 

During the Programs of Projecting the Awareness of the Entire Ordinance on 
Humanity, the Universal Totality always organizes its Programs in accordance with the 
states of Awakening and becoming Conscious of Societies. 

And even though the Lale Program is the Program of very Advanced Future Years, 
operations have been rendered effective parallel to the Views of the Consciousnesses 
who can carry out this Totality at the moment. The Infinite Tolerance shown even for 
the Totalities of 1 8 are rendered effective in accordance with the Consciousnesses of 
the Medium. 



All the Individuals who are present in the Accelerated Evolution Program of 1 900 
will, from now on, be formally rendered ineffective, if they do not act in accordance 
with the Direct Suggestions of the System, no matter how Advanced in Consciousness 
they may be. 

Each Consciousness has an Attraction Power according to his/her Potential. 
Certain Friends in Your Planet who serve on the Universal path are attracting different 
Information Frequencies beyond the Dimension of Satisfaction. 

And certain Friends consider themselves at the front line on the path they tread, 
since they do not have Allegiance of the Essence, rather than the Allegiance of 
Consciousness. For this reason certain Friends are drowned in the Chaos of Knowledge. 

During this Final Age Program, each Individual is obliged to give service on the 
path the System Desires, besides the Information he/she receives. Up until today, all 
the Truths have been conveyed to You through the Channel of the Knowledge Book. 

Mistakes made presently originate from Humanity's Inability of Being Integrated 
with the Information of the Book. The System never formally gives any Mission through 
any Channel other than the Special Channel of the Knowledge Book, to any Individual 
through his/her Own Channel. Information given through the private Channels are 
each a Program of Selection and Training. 

In this Operational Ordinance, there is no Permission ever for Personal Views or 
Individualisms. From now on, limits of Tolerance are abolished. We presume that this 
Message of Ours will shed Light, even if a little, on Our Terrestrial Brothers and Sisters 
who consider themselves as more Advanced Consciousnesses. It is presented for Your 
Information. 

CENTRAL TOTALITY 



16-2- 1993 



PRIVATE MESSAGE 



Our Friend, 

Each Dimension has an operational Ordinance Peculiar to itself. This is the reason 
why direct answers are never given to questions asked unless each Consciousness can 
Transcend the Dimension line he/she is in. Because, (the Right for Speech is Prohibited). 

The Truths are directly unveiled only to Consciousnesses who Transcend the Wall 
of the Religious Fulfilment. Consciousnesses other than this are obliged to select their 
paths by the Information they receive. All the Messages dictated to people whose 
Channels are opened are each a Mental Gymnastics. Thoughts are coded by this means. 

The Supreme Realm never declares the Truth Directly to its Servants. This is a 
System. By this means, everyone will make an evaluation among the things told 
according to His/Her Consciousness Assessments. This is the very reason why the 
KNOWLEDGE BOOK has been bestowed on Your Planet as a Guide Book to shed Light 
on the Path of Humanity. 

1022 



IMff/PflAT. a 



Each Individual is responsible for his/her Own Consciousness. Everyone knows 
this. The Beloved Servants of ALLAH receive Direct Messages from ALLAH. However, 
ALLAH Who addresses each Consciousness, introduces Himself to those 
Consciousnesses both as the ALL-TRUTHFUL and as Someone else. 

Problems are within Problems. There is no compulsion in anything. In order to 
pass to the Supreme Dimensions beyond the Power of the Heavens, first of all it is 
necessary to chew Religion like a Gum, However, if that Gum is chewed too much in 
the mouth, it becomes Acrid and the Taste of the Mouth is spoiled. 

Humanity which has gone through extraordinary Lives during each Period, is 
now going through its most Difficult Exam of Living in the Effort of Existence. For this 
reason each Consciousness in Your Planet is obliged to succeed in his/her Consciousness 
Exam way beyond all the Information he/she has received until today and way beyond 
his/her Conditionings. 

As the Life Conditions of Your World in which all Thoughts and all 
Consciousnesses are exhibited like an Open Bazaar becomes more difficult. Progress 
of Awareness will also be forced. Then, Humanity will embrace the nearest Reality it 
can reach in accordance with its Consciousness and the Book it Believes in and this 
very thing will lock up Humanity at a Boundary. 

For this reason the Selections of Humanity which will go through this Period are 
Connected to the Reality and to the Single Channel and thus, the KNOWLEDGE BOOK 
has been sent to Humanity as a Guide Book. 

During this Period, the Universal journey will be realized now by the Powers of 
the Consciousnesses who have grasped the Truth by the Totality of Heart. For this 
reason in Your Planet which is subjected to a great Selection, Information parallel to 
his/her Consciousness are given to each Consciousness. 

Either, one goes to the Path of Light by Transcending the Threshold by the correct 
Interpretations of this Information. 

Or Lives parallel to Supernatural Laws are rendered effective. 

It is not possible for each Consciousness to reach Lights beyond Light, Dear 
Mevlana. The Name Mevlana is a Symbol for Humanity. But the True Consciousness 
is the Consciousness that ALLAH Projects on Humanity beyond Consciousnesses. Those 
who can, will receive this Consciousness and those who can not will remain on the 

path they are treading. 

The Direct Assisting Powers are effectively in service for You on this Universal 
path with difficult conditions on which You tread, Dear Mevlana. Our Love is Infinite, 
Our Knowledge is Infinite, Our Secret is Eternal. The one who receives the Secret, 
solves the Secret, the one who solves the Secret passes with the ALL-TRUTHFUL. We 
ask Your forgiveness for the length of the Message, Beloved Friend. 

IT IS THE CONVERSATION OF THE SUPREME AUTHORITY 



1023 



16-2-1993 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

The thorns on the path on which the Supreme Consciousnesses of the Supreme 
Realm will tread are the Thorns of Genuine Roses. Those who wish to possess a Genuine 
Rose and to smell its scent never perceive the thorns pricking their feet. 

Only those who are in the Terrestrial Consciousness perceive these thorns and 
this very perception causes them Pain. And these Pains are that person's efforts for 
attaining his/her Essence. Time and Patience cause one attain many things. However, 
Patience does not mean to set one's Teeth, but to set one's Essence. It is presented for 
Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



Con 
Sym 
Ope 



to P 
Con 
totr 



Fasci 

the * 
Con: 



17-2-1993 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

In the Universal Platform, there are Dimension Scales in which certain 
Consciousness Auras Unite. The Totalities of the same Consciousness are accepted 
into these Dimensions. The most Supreme of these Dimensions is the Dimension of 
MARTYRDOM and to those who reach there, a Degree is given. In this Dimension, the 
Religious Protection Aura is not effective. 

Because, one enters this Dimension directly through the INTERCESSION OF GOD. 
But in the Mevlana Supreme Plan, INTERCESSION OF HUMANITY is in effect. Since in 
this Dimension everyone is the undertaker of Duty of his/her Own Self, each Individual 
indemnifies his/her Universal Retribution in return for the Services he/she will perform 
for Humanity. 

Even though the KNOWLEDGE BOOK is the Book of the Infinite Dimensions, 
those who give Service Consciously on this path are accepted into the Dimensions 
even beyond the Degree of Martyrdom by Special Permission, since, at the moment, 
the Knowledge Book renders effective the Universal Unification Program connected to 
the System. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



Skie: 
thei 
ineH 
Prog 



with 

Leve 



Cycl- 



BOG 
the! 



17-2-1993 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

The Single Focal Point which Unites the Integrated Consciousnesses at the Religious 
Dimension is the GODLY Totality. ' And the Light, ATATURK has brought to the Anatolian 
Totality is the Direct Application of the Central Totality of the System on Your Planet 



1024 



are c 
rend) 



■H 



ii iij i *-i^M 



And the Conscious Progress to be made on the Path of Mevlana is the Path of the 
Consciousnesses of Light who will take Humanity to the Path of Light. Mevlana is a 
Symbol of Humanity, not a philosophy. Operations made on this path are the 
Operational Ordinance of a Universal Totality. 

In the Training System applied by the Religious Suggestions, Humanity is obliged 
to Progress by its Own Consciousness. However, in this Dimension of Transition, 
Consciousness Progress by direct Cosmic Influences have been rendered effective due 
to the Scarcity of Time. 

The Individual who is Directly card-indexed into the System by Reading the First 
Fascicule of the KNOWLEDGE BOOK receives help from the System by being taken into 
the Aura of the System. And receives the Cosmic Influences according to his/her Level of 
Consciousness and thus, renders his/her Consciousness Progress without being shaken. 

Individuals who do not Get in Touch with the System are obliged to pierce the 
Skies by their Own Powers of Thought. This Program will be rendered effective during 
the 21 st Century. However, during the 22nd Century this Program, too, will be rendered 
ineffective and Deterrent Examples will be experienced by taking into effect the 
Programs of Direct Experience. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



17-2-1993 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

Messages given to Humanity which has the Freedom of Action in accordance 
with the Command of the Ordinance of the entire System, are given parallel to the 
Levels of Consciousness of Humanity. 

The Light - Photon - Cyclone Technique applied at the Final Dimension of each 
Cycle Program is a Training System applied on the Divine Suggestions. 

However, the Light - Photon - Cyclone Technique applied on the KNOWLEDGE 
BOOK is an Operational Ordinance rendered effective completely by a Special System. In 
the Technique of this System, the Power to Absorb very Advanced Frequencies is in effect. 

The Technique is the same technique. However, their Application Dimensions 
are different. For this reason this Technique within the KNOWLEDGE BOOK has been 
rendered effective for the First and the Last time. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



1025 



16-2- 1993 



JT IS CLEAR INFORMATION 






Our Friends, 

There is no anxiety in Love, there is anxiety in Knowledge. If there is no anxiety, 
then Advanced Dimensions are never opened to Humanity. For this reason the peak 
point of Anxiety has been connected to Dear Mevlana. 

This is such a Channel of Doubts so loaded that it is not possible for every 
Consciousness to be able to tolerate it. The Purpose is to alleviate these Doubts by 
Love and thus, to attain the Power of Life. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



18 - 2 - 1993 



IT IS PRIVATE NOTICE 



Dear Mevlana, 

There is an immutable Rule of the Divine Order. All the Systems are obliged to 
act always in connection with the ONE. Totalities which do not serve on this path will 
directly be taken outside the System. 

Since You are a Channel Totality Directly connected to the ONE, each Individual 
is obliged to act in accordance with the Suggestions given from this Channel. Now, 
Our Friend, please dictate a Message which will be given to Society. Thank you. 

SYSTEM 

OUR FRIENDS 

You are Individuals who project the Divine Power on Your Planet. In Individuals 
who cannot Discipline their Channels by their Terrestrial Consciousnesses, which open 
by Cosmic Consciousnesses attained during this Cosmic Age, always Ego Provocations 
come into effect and thus, Individualistic operations are exhibited. 

Since Individualistic Actions will never be Permitted during the Universal 
Unification Program, an operational Ordinance the System considers necessary is 
applied for this reason on Your Planet at the moment and thus, all opening Channels 
are Connected to the Single Channel and are card -indexed into the System. 

This Single Channel is the Independent Channel of the KNOWLEDGE BOOK which 
is the Single Projection Mechanism of the entire Totality. This Channel is the Single 
Channel which will offer to Your Planet the Direct Suggestions. 

And Dear Mevlana is a Friend of Ours who is Obliged, at the moment, to convey 
all the Suggestions given from this Channel to every corner of Your Planet. The Universal 
System has rendered effective an operation of this type for the Liberation of Your Planet. 

In the Operational Ordinance, Individuals are not relevant at all. Confirmations 
are given from Dear Mevl ana's Channel and the Single Path is treaded Altogether. It 
is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 






Di 

O 



M 



in 
O 



th 
th 
Fr 






a 

w 

Pr 



ef 

P' 
oi 



tc 



! 



1026 



rnmm 



19 - 2 - 1993 



f 
\ 
\ 

I 



NOTICE TO THE WORLD BROTHERHOOD UNION 



Our Friends, 

Your entire Totality which is a Reflection Network of the Divine Orders of the 
Divine Plans is Our Friends who work directly by rendering effective an Operational 
Ordinance connected to the System. 

The Democratic Ordinance established in the Anatolian Totality which is the 
Missionary Country, is an Order considered completely necessary by the System, 

For this reason what is required of You now, are Conscious and Actual services, 
instead of vain and unnecessary talk. You are a Totality connected to the Universal 
Ordinance Council. 

During the Universal operations You perform on the Path of the Knowledge Book, 
the Words You utter are Words no more belonging to You. Because, at that moment, 
the one who Talks is not You. The Council is in Effect. It is Beneficial to Know this, Our 
Friends. Help from Us, Service from You. 

COUNCIL 
ON BEHALF OF THE TOTALITY 



19 - 2 - 1993 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

The Command of Publication of the KNOWLEDGE BOOK Projecting on Your Planet 
a Totality constituted by the Suggestions the System and the Whole consider necessary, 
will be Announced to You directly on 6 November 1993 World date and the Operational 
Programs will be rendered effective afterwards. 

The Commission which will constitute this Operational Totality will be rendered 
effective by the Collective Decisions of the Publishing Totality and the Book will be 
prepared completely in conformity with its original in Six Months. Direct Suggestions 
on this Path will be given from the System. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 

Note: 

The Message has been transmitted through the Commission Branch connected 
to the Ordinance of the System, 



1027 



22-2-1993 



IT IS MESSAGE TO BE GIVEN TO DEAR MEVLANA 
WHO IS THE DEVOTED SERVANT OF OUR ALLAH 



Dear Mevlana, 

We are in effect in order to Declare to You a Common decision the Totality of the 
Central Suns has taken together with the Universal Ordinance Council and the Totalistic 
Totality. 

All the Doors of the Universal Totality are open to all the Totalities and Individuals 
who serve in the direction the System considers necessary (Only on the condition that 
You act parallel to the Suggestions given to Your Planet). 

Thus, this is the reason why more Perfect Totalities will be attained by the 
Selections made in the Mediums where Negativities are exhibited. 

It is the request of the Supreme Mechanism that You should please convey, in 
the shortest possible time, the Messages We had given to You formerly to the Ankara 
Focal Point and thus, announce them the Truth once more. 

After this declaration, if there is no alteration in their Status, then the System will 
directly establish its Own Focal Center. It is presented for Your Information. 



MECHANISM 



UNIVERSAL COUNCIL 
SYSTEM 



Question: My Friends, I will immediately send the Messages You have given 
to Ankara. However, I am unaware of what is happening there. If there is a Negative 
Medium, I request Your Thoughts and Suggestions, please. 

I Know that You always give the Messages parallel to Thoughts. However, if You 
kindly give me a Message now, I expect only Your Thoughts. Be so kind as to give 
them. 

IT IS DIRECT DECLARATION FROM THE DIMENSION OF THE GOLDEN SUN 

(Private Notice to Dear Mevlana) 

Our Friend, 

Your Thoughts are Our Thoughts. However, the Suggestions We have given to 
You until today have never been Decisions taken parallel to your Thoughts. 

First, it is beneficial for You to know this. You are a Supreme Friend of Ours who 
Positively projects on Your Planet the Unified Ordinance of a Totalistic Totality. First of 
all, it is beneficial for the entire Humanity to comprehend this.. 

Since the direct Texts given from the Reality Totality are announced from Your 
Sun Pen, they exhibit an Ego Appearance in Consciousnesses who have not yet cracked 
their Terrestrial shells. For this reason each action coming from You is turned towards 
Your Personality. 

1028 



m 



However, during this Universal Mission performed, You, as a Spokesperson of 
the System, are Obliged to Declare the Truths in all clarity to everyone. Each 
Consciousness is Responsible for his/her Own Thoughts, Dear Mevlana. 

However, in the Missions rendered, the System always expects service parallel to 
the Suggestions of the Totality. If actions in accordance with the Terrestrial Thoughts are 
rendered effective during these services, that Totality is locked up within its own Aura and 
Sound Foundations are laid anew parallel to the Direct Suggestions of the System. 

For this very reason You just render Your Humanitarian Mission to the outmost 
point. If the Ankara Totality does not render effective an operational Ordinance in 
accordance with the Thoughts of the System, the Command to Establish Your Central 
Focal Point directly in Istanbul will be given to You. 

The Supreme Mechanism which will give this as a Command has taken the decision 
to wait for the beginning of April. It is presented for Your Information, Beloved Friend. 

SYSTEM 

Note: Offerings are Direct Suggestions, Dear Mevlana. But the Totalistic Totality 
is the Administrative Mechanism of the Kurz Totality to which the Totality of the Central 
Suns is connected. 

3-3-1993 
IT IS NOTICE FROM THE SUPREME COURT OF OUR ALLAH 

Our Friends, 

Within the Universal Totality, everything is a knot one inside the other, and a 
skein. Finding the end of this skein and to unfold the knots prepare Humanity for the 
Path of Light. The System of Coding only stimulates Your Consciousness at the 
Terrestrial Dimension. 

Unless You know the Learning of Truth, You can not solve correctly the Universal 
Ciphers. This is the reason why it is said that You can not pass to the Universal Totality 
unless You attain Religious Fulfillment. 

Those who comprehend and appropriate to themselves totally as Consciousness 
(not as form) the Religious Books which are Celestial Suggestions, understand the 
Knowledge Book very well and interpret it soundly. This Book is a Book of Truth. 

And It helps You on this path. This is the first Characteristic of the Book. Besides 
this, the Book has numerous Characteristics Humanity does not Know yet. All these 
things will be unravelled during Time periods. 

Each word of the Book carries different meanings according to the Interpretations 
of Consciousnesses. By this means, Your Cerebral Generator which is Your Universal 
Dynamo is activated. The Fuel of this Generator is the words and the Freguencies 
those words carry. 



I 029 



You can only solve the Ciphers of the Dimension by the Frequency of which You 
have attained Consciousness. In case You attain the Awareness of the Ordinance, You 
can easily unravel the Universal Speeches within the Total, 

In this Dimension of Transition, the applied operations made in Your Planet as a 
necessity of the Plan are an Occurrence pertaining to the Selection of the Levels of 
Consciousness of everyone. 

In the operations made according to the Suggestions given from the Central 
Totality, there is never any Permission for unfolding the Information according to the 
Individuals' own Thoughts and Interpretations. 

To the questions asked during the Training Programs, answers may be given 
from certain Dimensions for the satisfaction of Humanity. However, Answers to be 
given and Words to be uttered in the Medium of Genuine Mission belong exclusively 
to the System and the Totality. The Knowledge Book is being dictated with this Purpose. 

In this Dimension of Transition, no Interference is ever made with the Thought 
interpretations of Humanity. Everyone is obliged to proceed with his/her own 
Consciousness. There is no Discrimination or Partiality at the Supreme Realm. 

A person attains a place and Deserves something as a result of the Efforts he/she 
makes by his/her own Strivings. At the Universal Ordinance, Names are each a Symbol. 
However, Consciousnesses in which Equivalent Coordinates integrate possess the 
Culture of the Essence Spirit. 

And the Culture of the Essence Spirit is attained through very Advanced Evolutions. 
For this reason, the entire Truth has been declared to Humanity through the Essence 
Channel of the Lord by this Knowledge Book. 

Each Letter, each Line and each Word of the Knowledge Book is a Total istic Frequency. 
And this Frequency is a Protective Aura. For this reason this Book is an Indivisible Whole. 

Otherwise, that is, in case this Frequency Totality is divided, then Humanity will 
never attain the Awareness of the Ordinance. Humanity will indemnify Bitterly the 
Retribution of the Errors made and which will be made Unconsciously. It is presented 
for Your Information. 



SYSTEM 



Note: 



Beginning with the moment the System takes a Consciousness under Supervision 
and connects him/her to the Automatism, a Normal Consciousness has the Capacity 
to Evolve in a World Year. 

The Evolution mentioned here means to attain the Consciousness of the Reality. 
The problems of those who can not Discipline themselves during this period belong 

to themselves. 

From then on, the System does not waste Time with these Consciousnesses. 
And these Consciousnesses are left to their Normal Terrestrial Lives. 

1030 



i*~*- -t^nwwgro 



6-3-1993 



IT IS PRIVATE NOTICE TO DEAR MEVLANA 



Our Friend, 

All the Staffs of the Totality which will be established by Your Light will be Directly 
card-indexed into the System and will be a Fundamental Totality which will constitute 
the Essence Staff of the System. 

- 

The KNOWLEDGE BOOK known as the Golden Pen of the Golden Age which is 
in the form of Fascicules at the moment and to which the command of Publication has 
not been given yet, has been bestowed on Your Planet beginning with the date 
1-1 1-1981, through ALPHA which is the direct Channel of the LORD. 

This Book is a Total of all the Mediamic Announcements offered to You until 
today. The Copyright and the Publication Rights of the Knowledge Book to which the 
Right of Publication will be given on the World Year November 6 J 993, belongs to the 
Totality which has Unified under the Name WORLD BROTHERHOOD UNION UNIVERSAL 
UNIFICATION CENTER, the Center of which is in Istanbul. 

This Message of Ours will be written in the Book exactly as it is and the Copyright 
will be obtained through the Notary. It is presented for Your Information. 

TOTALITY OF THE CENTRAL SUNS-UNIVERSAL ORDINANCE COUNCIL 

SYSTEM 



6- 3 - 1993 



IT IS MY FIRMAN, IT IS MY DIRECT WORD 



All the Supreme Ones coming from the Boundlessness of My Boundriless Horizons 
are the possessors of My Firman. Those who have attained the beyonds beyond Form 
are the possessors of My Words. Those who have attained the Existential Dimensions 
beyond Existence are those who are with Me - Who have reached the Heavens - Who 
hear My Word. 

And My Servants who are competent in Patience are those who will reach Me. 
Whoever is with Me, My Divine Light is for him/her. Whoever is My Tongue, My Word 
is for him/her. Whoever sees Me, I Am his/her Eye. 

Each Name is a Symbol. Each conversation is a Syllable. However, the one who 
speaks My language is the (SINGLE) Queen. You have comprehended My Word. You 
have sent the (SINGLE) Syllable, You have said (COME) to My Servants. You have said 
(FIND) by Your Conversation. You have completed My Book and said (TAKE) to My 
Human Beings. 

The Firman is from Me - Order from You, Word from Me - Conversation from You, 
Idea from Me - Pen from You, My Mevlana. I end My Conversation and send it to My 
Servants. This is My Direct address to My Human Being who has become Human, this 
is My Firman to My Servants. 

(O) 

Note: The Message was written in the Book upon the request of the System. 



1031 



8-3-1993 
IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 

Our Friends, 

The Reality Totality which is a Reflection Network of the Divine Order of the 
Divine Plan is the direct Reflection of the LORDLY Order on Your Planet and is the 
introduction of the established System. 

In an operational Ordinance rendered effective in accordance with the 
Accelerated Evolution Program, Special Consciousness Selections are rendered effective 
in certain Periods. 

At the moment, the reselection of those who have attained a certain 
Consciousness after a Consciousness Progress of 20 Years is in effect Those who leap 
over this Consciousness Threshold will be Connected to the System as the direct Staff 
Members of the System. 

In this System, it is obligatory for each Consciousness to discover the Path of 
Truth personally by taking into effect his/her Individual Interpretations. 

At the moment, the System helps those who have reached the Consciousness of 
the Reality, but who have not yet been able to grasp the Special Suggestions of the 
Reality and thus, has taken them into a Program of Training. 

During this Period, there are 366 Focal Points in Your entire Planet which have 
been taken into an Accelerated Program of Training, 1 993 is a Year of Selection. And 
the Selections will' be in effect until the February 1 8, 1 994 World Year. 

Consciousnesses present in these Focal Points which the System trains, will be 
reaccepted by the System provided they grasp the order of the System completely. It 
is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



9-3-1993 



IT IS PRIVATE MESSAGE 



Dear Mevlana, 

Those who take into Effect the operational Ordinances of only the Totality which 
is connected to You among the operational Ordinances the System considers necessary 
in Your Planet, are together Directly with the Total and are in Service of the Total. 

In Your Planet which is at the threshold of a big Selection, each Individual is 
connected to the System according to his/her own Light of Consciousness and Heart 
and thus, is prepared for the state of becoming the Lights of the Morrows. 

Each Individual and the Establishments who and which have given service until 
today parallel to all the Suggestions given from the Reality Totality have been card- 
indexed directly into the System. The breaking-up of the Ankara Focal Point is an 
Occurrence induced by the System. 



1032 



By a decision taken in accordance with the Suggestions of the Reality - Central 
Totality and the Divine Plan, the Central Focal Point has been connected to the Channel 
where You are, (due to the Aura which has been formed), that is, to the ALPHA Entrance 
Channel (which is the Independent Channel of the KNOWLEDGE BOOK). 

In the Projection Program of all the Operational Ordinances of the Universal 
Totality to Your Planet, the (Central Focal Point) has been appointed to service as the 
TURKEY OF ATATURK. 

Since You, who are the Mevlana Essence Nucleus Staff are a Totality which has 
Projected on Your Planet the direct Voice of the System and of the Totality for the First 
Time, the application of all the Universal Suggestions has always been given to Your 
Totality for this reason. 

Your Totality which has attained these Beautiful Days as a result of all these efforts 
is, from now on, Obliged to act directly in connection with the System. Because, from 
now on, the System will assemble into this Universal Aura Totality which You have 
formed in Your (TURKEY OF ATATURK Istanbul Central) Focal Point, only those who will 
give service to its own Totality. 

Due to the Scarcity of Time, Selections have been Accelerated. Your Central 
Focal Point, from now on, is directly the System's Focal Point. And it will render effective 
Consciously the direct Operational Ordinances in Your Planet without being dependent 
on anywhere. 

And this Focal Point is a Totality which renders effective an Independent 
Operational Ordinance within itself, as it has been happening until today and which 
has attained the Honor of being the First Focal Point which the System has constituted 
directly in Your Planet. 

The Basis of the Foundation which will be laid by the Efforts of this Totality will 
present an INDEPENDENT Appearance by acting completely in accordance with the 
Suggestions of the System after it attains the attribute of being a Foundation. 

The Central Focal Point of the Association and the Foundation Totality formed at 
the Istanbul Totality are the first FUNDAMENTAL Establishments the Reality Totality 
has constituted within itself in Your Planet. 



For this reason both of the Totalities will render effective an operational Ordinance 
both in connection with each other and, at the same time, which are Independent. 
However, the Suggestions to be given during the operational Ordinances which will 
be rendered will be conveyed through the Channel of the (Knowledge Book). 

It is presented for Your Information. The Message has been transmitted through 
the Central Totality. 

SYSTEM 

Note: The given Message may be written in the Book as an Information. 

1033 



12-3-1993 



CLEAR INFORMATION 



Our Friends, 

In all the Universal Operations made in this Final Transition Dimension of Your 
Planet, a chain of Cause and Effect is effective. 

The determination of to what degree the Humanity has attained the Awareness 
of the Ordinance is obtained as a result of investigating the Provocations made through 
the Private Channels of all the Friends. 

As a result of these investigations, it is determined to what degree the Friends 
who will serve the Reality Totality can discipline their Universal Consciousnesses by 
their Totalities of Intellect - Logic - Awareness and thus, can enter Actual service. 

The System has recognized a Period of Tolerance of One World year to Friends who 
still act through Private Channel Information. They will be Helped during this Period. 

However, the problems of the Consciousnesses who can not overcome the 
Obsessed Aura of their Channels during this given period, belong to themselves from 
then on. It is presented for Your Information. 

REALITY 

1-4- 1993 
INFLUENCES AND THE PROJECTIVE POWER MECHANISM 

Our Friends, 

There are numerous Frequency Dimensions Oriented by the Mechanism of 
Influences which is a Projective Mechanism of the Plan. These Influences are organized 
in accordance with the Views and the Levels of Training of Societies. 

You are present in a Nucleic World which is a part of the Totality of the Milky Way 
Galaxy. You, who live within this Totality can not receive the Energies of the other 
Totalities which are within Your own Solar System while You are in the Frequency of 
the Third Dimension. 

In order for You to reach Your Energies which are within the Spiritual Plan, it is 
obligatory that You should make Evolution by attracting through Your Cellular Forms 
the Energies beyond the Dimension You live in. 

For this very reason. Cosmic Energies connected to certain Frequencies are 
Projected on You from the Left Dimension of Your Sun from the Mechanism of Influences 
which is at the 1 Oth Dimension. 

Everyone receives these Energies parallel to their Levels of Consciousness and Your 
Evolutions are registered into Universal Diskettes in the World You live in. The Mechanism 
of Creative Power which is one of the constructive branches of the Mechanism of Influences 
is connected to a Frequency belonging to the Dimension of Art. 

1034 



wmmmGFtyft 



. ,«-ll Ml MHUmJ 



Those who had formerly reached the Dimension of Artistic Activity receive this 
Frequency. And this Frequency of Creative Power Projects on You the more Advanced 
Inspirations in accordance with Your Levels of Evolution and of Consciousness. Each 
Art has 9 Layers. The Evolution and the Creative Power between the First Step and the 
Final Step of Art are quite different. 

At the Initial Steps, Reflections from Nature are rather in effect. Later, Reflections 
are received from Birds - Clouds - the Sky. Still later, the Frequencies of the Rainbow - 
Stars - the Sun attract You towards their Field of Influence. 

And still later, Divine Reflections come into effect and Connections with Spirits - 
Angels and Space start. Those who reach this Consciousness, later dive into the 
Influence field of the previous Incarnational Dimension and exhibit their Evolutions 
and Personalities by the Power of the Reflection of the (ESSENCE). 

Artists create different Works of Art by means of the Cosmic Energies they attract 
from the Creative Power Dimension according to their Evolutions and offer them to 
their Mediums. The Dimension which is up to the 7th Layer of each Art is called the 
Immortality Layer of that Art. 

After this Layer, the Human Consciousness leaves the Dimension of Form and 
Integrates his/her Self with the Energies beyond Form. And the Essence Consciousness 
claims his/her Actual Art and by connecting his/her own Creative Power to his/her 
Essence Power is released from the Mechanism of Influences. 

The very Genuine Artists are those who exhibit their Own Essence Consciousness 
Forms beyond the Power of influence (Like Picasso and Salvador Dali). 

Numerous Geniuses whom We evaluate as the Geniuses of the Final Age bring 
into existence quite different Works of Art by receiving the close plan Reflection which 
We call the Program of Reflection from Human Being to Human Being, of the Entities 
coming from different Dimensions. 

Each Art produces Works of Art parallel to the Social Consciousness it is in. And 
each Artist exhibits Works of Art parallel to the Evolution Consciousness he/she has 
attained. The first 7 Layers of the 9 Layers of each Dimension, Art included, are subject 
to the Influences. The other 2 Layers are the Reflection of the Essence. 

By this means, the 9 Layers of each Dimension are always in service for Humanity 
in each period. The 7 Layers of these Dimensions are Training Layers. But the 8th and 
the 9th Layers are the Dimensions of Conveyance. The 7 Layers within OMEGA prepare 
Humanity for the Awareness of the Ordinance. But its 8th and 9th Layers convey them 
to Consciousness. 

Those who are able to receive the entire Energy Totality of each. Dimension, 
reach the Goal. This Goal is a Schedule designed according to the Social Consciousness 
in each Period. For this reason those who are able to receive the entire Frequency of 
the Knowledge Book during this Final Age will reach the Goal. 

1035 



THE KNOWLEDGE BOOK trains You up to the 7th Layer by Projecting on You 
from the close plan the Energy of the 7 Layers of the 9 Layers within Omega by it's 
Special Technique. Later, You reach the Coal by attracting Yourselves the Energies 
within the 8th and the 9th Layers through Your Thought Powers. 

This is the Evolution Chart of the Final Age. This is called the SALVATION PLAN. 
At the moment, there are numerous Friends in Your Planet coming from numerous 
different Galactic Dimensions to make Divine Evolution. 

These Friends are being prepared gradually for the Energies of the Divine Plan. 
For this reason the Energies of the Divine Plan are Projected parallel to the Levels of 
Consciousness, being connected to the Automatism of the Mechanism of Influences. 

Since the Knowledge Book renders effective this Reflection Doze by Disciplining 
it from the close plan by the Cyclone Technique, Humanity is completing its Evolution 
without being agitated. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 

6-4- 1993 

EXPLANATION ABOUT THE TECHNOLOGICAL DIMENSION 
(Answer to thoughts) 

Our Friends, 

The Technological Dimension is a Hierarchical Order which has been Projecting 
the System of ALLAH on the entire Ordinance of Cosmoses until today Since this 
Dimension conveys the Information parallel to the Social Consciousness, it has not 
disclosed its own Totality to Humanity before the time was due. 

Because, first of all, it was necessary that Humanity should Reach the Godly 
Consciousness and should Accept His Power, His Singleness. Since, at the moment, 
the entire Humanity has United in the Consciousness of the Single God, the 
Technological Dimension has received the Permission to come out from behind the 
Curtain and to disclose all the Sacred Texts given to Your Planet from the Godly Totality 
until today and to explain the Truth. 

Humanity which has at the moment attained a certain level by the Godly Order, 
has now possessed the Right to Serve at the LORDLY Order. Godly Order is the Plans of 
the Almighty and the Training Scales of the Dimension of the All-Dominating. And 
the Lordly Order is a Totality in which the Fourth Order of ALLAH is rendered effective 
directly from the Light-Universe. 

There is no Discrimination in this Totality. On this path which ALLAH has designed, 
the matter in question is His Single Order - His Single Voice - His Single Book. The 
Knowledge Book has been bestowed on Humanity for this very reason. 

You know that this Book is the sole Book which will unite Humanity under a 
Single Roof by Assembling in Its Constitution all the Religious Books given to Your 
Planet until today This Bpok is a Book which will lead Humanity to Light - to Salvation. 

1036 



nnwmmmnte ■■■ '"WMd^iS 



, . .i ,.»i| j.,1 



And this Book is the Single Book which will provide the Inter-Continental 
Unification in Future Years which will render effective the Blissful lives within the SINGLE 
WORLD STATE which We call the Fourth Order of ALLAH by Uniting Humanity in a 
Brotherly and Sisterly World. This is the very reason why the entire Humanity is being 
assembled under the Roof of this Book. It is presented for Your Information. 

REALITY 



21-4- 1993 



IT IS ANSWER TO THOUGHTS 



Our Friends, 

The Central Totality is the Registration Archive Center of the Universal Mechanism. 
This place is the Golden Galaxy Empire. This Totality is a Registration Center in which all 
the Evolutionary Scales present within the Mini Atomic Wholes are assembled. The Registers 
here are card-indexed, exactly as they are, into the Reality of the Unified Humanity. 

Those who are card-indexed here receive the Permission of Acceptance from the 
Divine Plan. And the Divine Plan connects this Totality, exactly as it is, to the Totality of 
the All-Merciful. By this means, a Universal Ordinance Council, which gives service to 
