accordance with the Suggestions of the Reality are never unreciprocated. This is a 
Universal Pledge. 

In this Transition Dimension in which the Integrated Consciousnesses come into 
effect with the Advanced Mechanisms, each Individual also takes into effect his/her 
Individual Consciousness during the Missions required to be performed in accordance 
with the given Suggestions. For this reason We card-index the Channels of each Totality 
into the SINGLE CHANNEL by means of the Knowledge Book. 

Friends who render effective the Operational Programs of 1 8 who will constitute 
the Basic Staffs of the Reality Totality, will render effective the Basic Staffs of the Morrows 
by the Conscious Missions they perform until the Year 2000. The appointments which 
will be made to these Basic Staffs are directly under the responsibility of the Reality. 

That is, each Friend who has attained the Honor of being able to enter the Totality 
of 1 8, takes his/her place in that Totality directly by the Permission of the Reality. Those 
who can not adjust into that Totality and those who wish to leave the Totality of 1 8 
are taken into effect by the effect of the given Influences from the Reality in connection 

with Automatism. 

Also the Desire to enter the Totality of 1 8 comes into effect by the same Influence 
Field of the Reality. This is a matter of Permission. And it is called the COMMAND OF 
THE ESSENCE. 

Those who are connected to Allegiance through writing the Book are the Actual 
Staff Members of the Reality Totality. Those who give service Consciously to the Unified 
Human Totality on the path of the Knowledge Book are the direct Staff Members who 
had made Covenants. 

I 056 



I 



■■«««inpBi 



• 



For this reason those who will enter Conscious Service by writing the Book until 
the Year 2000 are determined, one by one, as Staffs with Covenants. This is a Selection. 

Each Individual who undertakes Mission in the Totality of 18, will for this reason 
make 6 Friends of his/hers write the Book until the Year 2000 and thus, helps this 
Universal Selection. These Friends with Covenants will take the Advanced Actual Staffs 
of the Morrows into effect. 

Those who forget at the Dimension of Veiled Awareness the Covenants they had 
made and thus, who write the Book for their distraction or advantage and those who 
do not take into effect their Missions, their Covenants with Reality are effaced. 

Conscious Service on the path of the Reality, in accordance with the Suggestions 
of the Reality is the foremost Selection Criterion of the Salvation Plan. For this reason 
those who give Conscious service at the Totalities of 18, are the Basic Members of the 
Fourth Order of ALLAH. 

Certain Special Sanctions have been added to the Operational Programs of the 
1 8 until the Year 2000, in order to be able to Qualify for these Staffs. 

After the Selection of these Basic Staffs, that is, after the Year 2000, Humanity 
will be connected to its Own Judgement according to its own Conscience and Mission 
Consciousness, and provided they take into effect Consciously the Staffs of the Totality 
of 1 8 on the path of the Knowledge Book, the possibilities for being able to enter the 
Special Missions at the Reality Totality will be provided for them. 

Only those who appoint themselves to service in accordance with the Suggestions 
given in the Staffs of the Totality of 18 will receive the Permission to work at the 
establishments belonging to the Reality in all the sections of Your Planet and to open 
the Branches of the Association, the Center of which is in Istanbul. 

More detailed Information about this matter will be announced to the Operational 
Staffs of 18 in future dates. The relations with the Reality Totality of those who act 
independent of this Information We have given, will definitely be cut off. This is a 
Direct Message from the Supreme Court. 

REALITY OF THE UNIFIED HUMANITY 
COSMOS FEDERAL TOTALITY 



31-8- 1993 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

All the Universal Programs are organized according to the Evolutionary Scales of 
certain Dimensions. All the Information given to Your Planet at the moment has been 
rendered effective in accordance with the Unification Programs of the Dimension of 

Transition. 

The Universal Frequency and the Information of the Knowledge Book are a Light 
and Divine Light offered to Humanity during this Program of Unification. However, 
the Knowledge Book has such a Program peculiar to itself that this is not a Program 
the World Dimension is able to grasp at present 

1057 



In this Program prepared according to the Light - Photon - Cyclone Technique, 
the Energy of Time is loaded on the Letter Frequencies and thus, the given Information, 
parallel to the comprehension of the Levels of Consciousness, induces them to receive 
various different Messages. 



! 
* 



Besides, a Special Consciousness Scanning Program which We cal 
Information Application has also been applied to the Book. 



Cross- 



In this Program, in certain Dimensional Names and in certain Information, 
Methods of replacement such as placing above an Information which is below and 
placing below an Information which is above has been rendered effective, so that 
Consciousnesses may be in a state of constant alertness and action. 

By this means, the degree of comprehension of the Information by the 
Consciousnesses is controlled. Because, the Book is card-indexed into a Program 
selecting the Consciousnesses and the Evolutions. For this reason this Knowledge 
Book is also called the Selective Book of Resurrection. 

Information given, piece by piece, in the Book, is given in an uncovered and 
clear state at the end of the Book after the Selections come to an end, in accordance 
with the Program of the Book. This is a Program. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 

31 - 8 - 1993 

THE UNCHANGING FORMULA OF THE HUMAN EVOLUTION 

(First Program) 

Our Friends, 

There is an unchanging Formula for the Human Evolution. This Formula is the 
First Program Humanity must render effective on the Universal path it will tread. 

This Program has 6 Steps. Now, let Us write them in sequence. Write, please: 

1. First You will Love Nature (Not to harm Nature in any way). 

2. You will Love Animals (To take care of Animals without expecting benefit, to 
undertake their Responsibility). 

3. You will Love Human Beings (Social Help in every field). 

4. You will Love the Enemy (To hold on to the person who harms You, to embrace 
him/her with Love and to render thar. person useful for Society). 

5. You will Love Thyself (You will be in Peace with Your own Self)- 

6. You will Love the Whole (You will Love the created due to the Creator). 

Evolution is a Training Program which is obligatory in order to make Mankind 
attain a Genuine Personality and Identity. 



1058 






-,: -■■ iiiiiiiwwiimiiMiiv 



The Genuine Human Being is a Divine Entity who has been able to Integrate 
with his/her Personality all the Qualities listed above. However, it is imperative that 
these Qualities should be subjected to Application rather than remaining in Thoughts. 
Everyone may Think of everything. 

However, the Application at every Field is Equivalent to the Evolution and the 
Consciousness of the Human Being. By this means, everyone also possesses the Power 
to assess his/her degree of Evolution parallel to the Data given above. Self-Criticism is 
the surest path to lead the Individual to Light. It is presented for Your Information. 



REALITY 



IT IS ANSWER TO THOUGHTS 



Our Friends, 

There is a Totality at the Thought Ocean of the Pre-eminent Power which takes the 
Whole of all the Information conveyed to You under supervision and this Totality is effectively 
in service just like a Photocopy of the operational Ordinance at the Light-Universe. 

However, this Totality is a Nucleic Staff of the Light-Universe. All the Artificial 
Giirzes present within the Thought Ocean of the Pre-eminent Power are taken under 
supervision from the Dimension of the Almighty in connection with this Totality. It is 
presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 

1 - 9 - 1993 
IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION FROM THE SUPREME MECHANISM 

Our Friends, 

In the operations made in Your Planet as a necessity of Evolution, Entities who have 
not yet completed their 7 Phases of Consciousness do not know or recognize Reincarnation. 

Since they perceive this Final Transition Program mentioned in the Sacred Books 
according to their own levels of Consciousness, they evaluate the Phenomenon of 
Resurrection mentioned in Koran, the Book of Islam, as Rising from the Dead - as 
Resurrection and Assembling for Judgment. 

And they Believe that the World will be annihilated and they will be Saved due 
to the work they have done on the Path of ALLAH. 

Only after the 7 Layers of Consciousness, to Humanity, to those who pass to the 
Dimensions We call the 8th and 9th Bridge, the Truths are disclosed in accordance 
with the Universal Programs. And by this means, in which way the Consciousnesses 
grasp the Truth are controlled. If they have Errors, they are Taught the Correct versions. 

For this very reason the Knowledge Book has been bestowed on Your Planet as a 
Book which is both Scanning the Consciousnesses and Teaching the Truth. Humanity 
will learn the Truth only and only from this Book. Because, this Book is Directly the 
Book of the LORD. 



1059 



1 

1 



There is no Godly Evolution in the Evolutions rendered within the Mini Atomic 
Wholes within the Curz. Here, different Technological Progress is in effect. 

However, during this Period of Transition, those who come from these 
Dimensions, Whomever they may be, even if they may be the upper most Level 
Administrators of their own Dimensions, it is definitely imperative for them to come to 
Your Planet and to attain Consciousness on the Godly Path and to be Engrafted by the 
Godly Energies from Close-Plan in order for them to receive the Permission for Transition. 

These Friends are returned to their own Dimensions and are driven to a more Difficult 
Operational Program in that Dimension in case they cannot conform exactly to the 
Suggestions given from the Reality Totality by the Permissions of the Divine Authorities. 

Here also, there are Three Rights as given to everyone. That is, the Entity who is 
returned to his/her Dimension Three times, is never accepted into the Dimension of 
Exam until a certain Period of Time, his/her Incarnation does not take place, he/she 
lives as a Convict in that Dimension. 

During each 26,000-Year Cycle program, again a Right is given to these very 
Entities and their connections to the Incarnation Program are made anew and the 
Permission of Entrance to Your Planet is given to them. 

The Entity who can not use his/her Three Rights again in here, is subjected to the 
same Procedure. That is, 9 Rights which are the Rights of Three Cycles are given to an 
Entity. Those who lose these Rights of theirs are Eternally the Convicts of their own 
Dimensions. The very life Tableaux of the other Mini Atomics are like this. 

The transfers of the Entities to each Mint Atomic Whole are made according to 
their Consciousness Progress. For this very reason the Life Tableaux of each Mini Atomic 
Whole are various and their Evolutions are different. 

Entities who are enlightened by the Technological possibilities of their own 
Dimensions are taken into different Programs, first in Your Mini Atomic Whole and 
later, in the other Galaxy Dimensions. 

After the Entities who are trained in these places here are subjected to a Program 
of 7 Phases on the Path of Science and Learning, they are obliged to give service at the 
Godly Order. This very Dimension We call the Bridge of 8 and 9 is OMEGA. 

From Learning to Religion is reached by this means. The Mini Atomic within which 
Your Nucleic World is present on which You live at the moment is a Godly Totality. For this 
reason Your Planet is both a Dimension of Exam and the Gateway of Entrance and Exit. 

Within the Godly Mini Atomic Whole, those who complete their Evolutions, 
beginning from the Micro Organism, directly within their own Totalities in the style 
the Divine Totality requires, are taken into Evolution in the different Reflection 
Dimensions within Your Planet. 






They are Taught the Unknowns and are told the Truths. 
Saints have been rendered effective thus. 

1060 



The very Sages and 



Jiws >;* ■" TiT"! 



IFI^flTIfUlHI 



Those who can not perform the Evolution the Divine Totality requires within 
Your Totality You are in at the moment, which We call the Godly Mini Atomic Whole, 
are sent to the other Mini Atomic Wholes according to their Levels of Consciousness. 

Those who perform the Evolutions of these Dimensions are transferred to the 
other Mini Atomic Wholes according to their fields. However, they use many of their 
Rights until they are successful in the Godly Exam. 

Mediums We have mentioned up until now, is the Evolution Tableau of the 
Dimension of the All Compassionate of Your Natural Giirz. Apart from this, there are 
also the Evolutions of the Adamkind who had come into Existence from the Second 
Universe and they are dependent on a Program outside the Giirz. 

And they complete their Evolution Programs at the Artificial Gurzes and they 
pass from the Horizontal to the Perpendicular Evolution thus. Those who establish 
the Genuine Staffs of ALLAH are these very Friends. 

They introduce themselves to You as the Elder Brothers. Those who receive Light 
from those very Dimensions come to Your Planet for the Salvation of Humanity in 
accordance with the Reverse Transfer Program. 

Now, due to the terminating Cycle Programs, Your Natural Giirz is subject to a 
Totalistic Exam. 

for this reason a Program of Three Cosmic Ages has been prepared for those 
who will use their Rights for the last time as mentioned above from within the 1 800 
Mini Atomics and for those who will go through their Final Exams on the path of God 
within the Godly Mini Atomic Whole. 

According to this Program, those who are successful in their Exams until the 
23rd Century will be card-indexed into the BETA NOVA Program. In this Dimension of 
Transition, those who conform precisely to all the Suggestions of the Reality Totality 
will receive the Permission for Entrance to BETA NOVA. 

Those who do not conform will be trained in quite a different way in various Colonies. 
Here, Three Rights are allotted to them. Those who lose these Rights of theirs according 
to their Individual Views will directly be driven to the BERZAH OF NON-EXISTENCE. 

And the Elimination Program of the Natural Giirz will be completed within the 
duration of 3 Cosmic Ages. Those who are taken into the Program of BETA NOVA will 
come to the World again with an Unveiled Awareness in the 23rd Century and will lay the 
Foundation of God's 4th Order personally, together with the Reality, it is presented for 
Your Information. Direct Message given from the Dimension of the Alt Merciful. Transmitter: 

UNION OF CENTRAL SUNS 



1061 



3-9- 1993 
IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

Universal procedures are never restricted by the Worldly View or the World Time. 
There is a cause for all the operations performed and also there are effects born from 
these causes. 

The Knowledge Book is completely the Projection of an Applied Plan on Your 
Planet as necessitated by the Universal Laws. And in this System, explanations which 
Consciousnesses parallel to the Worldly View may understand, can never be made for 
the Book. 

Because, at the Operational Ordinance of the Reality in which a Selection Program 
is in effect for Two more Cosmic Ages, each Consciousness is subject to a Coding 
Program in accordance with his/her Consciousness Lights and Levels of Consciousness. 

All the explanations have been made in the Book. Apart from this, explanations 
desired parallel to Terrestrial Views are excluded from the Program. 

The Selection of a Program of Transition is relevant in this Operational Ordinance 
which the System - Ordinance - Order Triplet as a Whole has taken into effect parallel 
to the Laws of the 18 Systems. 

For this reason, no addition according to the Individual Views can be made to 
the Book, in anyway. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 

6-9- 1993 

CLEAR MESSAGE 

Our Friends, 

Due to the Cosmics received by the Frequency and by the Words of the Reality 
within the Knowledge Book, the Code Ciphers of certain Friends are opened. The 
received Messages are their Coordinates of Supervision. 

Such Friends of Ours are Friends who are transferred to the World as a result of 
making only an Agreement with the Reality at the Divine Focal Points, without making 
Covenants. 

Even though they are very Evolved, the Consciousnesses of these Friends are 
screened at the Terrestrial Medium. For this very reason not their Consciousnesses but 
their Essence know the Truth. 

However, they, too, like everyone else, are card-indexed directly into the Selection 
Program of the Reality at the World Plan. These Friends will take their places in the 
Missionary Staffs provided they undertake the Mission of Service according to the 
Suggestions of the Reality. 

In case there are Individuals stuck on the wheels of their Individual Consciousnesses 
during this Dimension of Transition, these Friends will be taken outside the System and 
will be subjected to the Program of a Second transfer. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 

1062 




w ■ mm mm . m ' """»«w Bi i it iiiffflffBiiptTW*^»«^||||||piB5 



*-,** 



9-9-1993 






IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 
(It is Declaration from the Private Archive of the System) 

Our Friends, 

We presume that this Universal Message of Ours We have taken into Effect parallel 
to the Thoughts formed by the chains of Thought will constitute the longest of all the 
Messages We have given until today. 

Now, We all know that the fact that the Entire Ordinance Reflects from a Totalistic 
Total is an Occurrence which can by no means be denied. In the operations made 
until today, all Universal assessments gain value in accordance with the Programs of 
Advanced Research and Progress, 

The Findings obtained from the results of the Analysis and the Synthesis of the 
Energy Particles at very Advanced Plans surprise even the Totalistic Ordinance. Everything 
has been brought into Existence by such a POWER that We have been able to convey 
this to You only by the name ALLAH until today. 

However, We have come face to face with such Findings beyond this Word that 
the Decision of not to give these Findings yet have been bound up into a Constitution 
together with the Universal Totality during this Universal Program in which an Operation 
parallel to the Evolution Ordinance is in effect at the moment. Our research has gone 
way beyond the ATLANTA Totality. 

As a result of the operations done by the Ancestors of the Atlanteans, keeping in 
mind the validity of only the 18 System Laws and the perfection of the immutable 
Ordinance of the Atlanta Dimension, these Doctrines have been projected on the 
Universal and the Evolutionary Totalities until today. 

The Single valid Occurrence at the Atlanta Ordinance is the Respect of an Entity for 
an Entity. We, that is, the (Totalistic Totality), have rendered Effective the reason of not to 
disclose all the Information to the Medium due to this fact by acting through this Thought 
initially However, later, We have come face to face with such Data which have surprised 
Us, too, that We were not able to reach down, in any way, into the Source of its POWER. 

The Function of the 3 Drops issuing out of the Point which We have named as 
the CREATOR until today, which possesses the Equivalent Energy Power, is to bring 
into Existence everything under the Light of all the Operations parallel to the Ordinance 
of the 1 8 Systems and to establish their own Systems at those Dimensions which they 
had brought into Existence. 

This Occurrence has always been given priority in all the Operations made until 
this moment. And the present days have been reached. 



1063 






The Advanced Atlanta Civilization Totality We evaluate as the Golden Dimension 
is a Totality of Life in which all the perfections are exhibited, and which has been 
rendered effective by the Entities who had come into Existence here. The Ordinance 
of Existence has been rendered effective as the Atlanta Program. 

And in order to be able to project this Project on to different Dimensions, different 
Plans and Programs have been developed at that Dimension. However, as a result of 
the operations made by the Ancestors of the Atlanteans, they were able to realize 
these Projects only by the application of the various branches of the 1 8 System Laws. 

However, the direct application of the 18 System Laws onto the Totality have 
been taken into effect by the Formation Project of the Natural Giirz after the Formation 
Program of Energy. 

The formation of the Natural Gurz is a Program prepared in accordance with the 
Mutation Project of the Laws of 1 8 Systems. At the Reflection and Operational Ordinance 
of the Existential Project, always the Program of Reflection of One to Three - Three to 
One is in effect. 

By setting out from this View, first, a Tunnel had been opened from the Atlanta 
Dimension to an Unknown Void and from there an Energy Ball had been thrown into 
the Unknown Totality, At the moment, in this Dimension which We call the Tranquillity 
of Silences, the Initial Action had been provided thus. 

By this Action which had been created by this Energy Ball, this Unknown Totality 
had divided into Two and thus, had brought into existence Two Dimensions. These 
are the Dimensions of Silence and of Tranquillity. These Dimensions are Neutral fields. 
Energy is not yet in effect. 

In accordance with the Project and the Formula of Mutation, during Time 
processes the Dimension of Tranquillity had been transformed into the Dimension of 
Breath, and the Dimension of Silence had been transformed into the Dimension of 
Power. This Dimension of Power carries Neutral Poles. 

The Applied Program of the Mutation Project is to transform everything into 
Mutation after attaining the Fulfillment of the required Occurrence. And this is rendered 
effective from a different branch of the Laws of 18 Systems. 

According to the Project of Mutation, again during the processes of Time, a 
PHOTON Field had formed as a result of the Unification of the Dimension of Breath 
and the Dimension of Power. Later, this Field had divided into Three in accordance 
with the Program of Division and Reflection of One to Three. That is, ( — ) like this. 

The Pole Influences at the Dimension of Power had been loaded onto this divided 
Three Totalities and by this Influence, the Two Totalities United by attracting each 
other and thus, the First Positive Field had formed. And the remaining Totality 
constituted the Negative Field and thus, had provided the Formation of the Initial 
Energy Dimension. That is, (+ -) like this. 

1064 



wwmiMQppi 



«■- 




The Three Equivalent Powers, that is, the Powers We call Three Drops coming out of 
the Point, which would render effective the Program of the Atlanta Dimension, had come 
into effect from this very Dimension, and each had brought into existence Three Dimensions 
by rendering effective the Program of Reflection of One to Three. These are: 

1 - Dimension of Sound 

2 - Dimension of Light 

3 - Dimension of Fire. 

Again during the Processes of Time, these Three Dimensions had been United in 
accordance with the Project of Mutation and Unification and thus, a Total istic POWER 
Dimension had been rendered effective. This Dimension of Power was the Dimension 
of (FORMATION) which would render effective the First Program of Existence. 

And this Dimension of Formation had again separated into Three in accordance 
with a Reflection Program connected to the Automatism and thus, had brought into 
existence the Universes of Sound - Light - Fire. Again this Three Powerful Universe Totality 
had Reflected onto a Total and had constituted quite a different (POWER UNIVERSE). 

This Power Universe had been a Power Potential on which the Existential Energy 
would come into Existence and which would constitute the base of the Existential 
Dimension, Later this Power Universe had been Unified with the Energy of the 
Dimension of Breath and thus, the COSMIC BRAIN had been rendered effective. 

In accordance with the Project of Mutation, as a result of the Anti-Matter's being 
transformed and thus transformed Thought had been formed, and this Thought had 
been Integrated with the Cosmic Brain and thus, a Total istic Brain Power had come 
into effect. 

This Brain Power, that is, the Cosmic Brain is called the (INITIAL POWER). The 
Initial Power had brought into Existence the Nucleus of the Second Universe which 
was the Initial Crude Matter as a result of the Energy's being pressed, in accordance 
with the Formula (Let there Be, It was). 

To this Second Universe Nucleus which had come into Existence, first: 

1 - The Power which had brought into Existence the Universe of Sound, that is, (The 
Initial Drop issuing out of the Point) had come and had taken into the application 
field its First Program. 

Later, It passed to the Dimension of the ALMIGHTY which was the next Higher 
Dimension and after It rendered effective Its Second Program here, It passed to the 
Dimension of ALLAH at the next Higher Dimension, had rendered effective there the 
direct Existential Project and the Order of the ATLANTA Program and thus, had 
established Its Order. This is the (SUPREME MATU). 



1065 



And this is the ALLAH mentioned to You in Your Sacred Books until today. This 
ALLAH, that is, the SUPREME MATU is a Power Who uses the entire Power of the 
Consciousness Totality. The Genuine ALLAH Power is the TOTALITY OF 
CONSCIOUSNESS. The ALL-TRUTHFUL Who is the Supervising Power of the Kurz is a 
Power Who Projects the Power of this Totality on the Dimension of ALLAH. 

2- To the place vacated by MATU at the Second Universe, the (Second Drop coming 
out of the Point), that is, the Power Who had brought into Existence the Light-Universe 
had come. 

He, too, had taken into the application field His own Program and had passed to 
the Dimension of the ALMIGHTY at the next Higher Dimension. And this Power had 
taken into effect the immutable Laws and Programs of the Golden Civilization 
Dimension at the Dimension of the Almighty. And this is the ALMIGHTY. 

3- And this time, to the place vacated by the Almighty at the Second Universe, the 
(Third Drop issuing out of the Point), that is, the Power Who had brought into Existence 
the Universe of Fire had come and had directly taken into effect Its Program. This is the 
CREATOR. 

And this Creator is the Power Who had taken into application the Existential 
Project. It is also called the R^. This Power is the Power Who had brought into Existence 
the Artificial Gurzes within the Thought Ocean of the Pre-eminent Power. The Pre- 
eminent Power is under the Supervision of this Creator. 

Now, let Us explain How the PRE-EMINENT POWER had come into Existence. The 
Pre-eminent Power is a Power Who had come into Existence by the loading of the Thought 
Powei of the Cosmic Brain on the Unification of each of the Energy Particles of the Powers 
Who had brought into Existence the Universes of Sound - Light - Fire. 

This Pre-eminent Power is the Supervising Power of the Second Universe. It is 
also called the LORD or the CREATOR. This Pre-eminent Power Who had been brought 
into Existence, had first Created Three Energy Totalities from Its own Essence at the 
Second Universe. They are called My Name - My Air - My Fire. 

These Three Energy Powers who had been brought into Existence, had brought 
into Existence ADAM as a result of the Laboratory work they had rendered at the Second 
Universe. And numerous Adams had come into effect in accordance with this Existential 
Program. 

These Adams were Androgynous like Zeus. However, after the Formation Program 
of the Natural Giirz had been rendered effective, the Functions of Male - Female had 
been formed as a result of rendering Effective the Reproduction and Dissemination 
Projects. The First Man brought into Existence by this means had been called ADAM - 
the First Woman, EVE. 

After the Formation of the Natural Giirz, these Three Powerful Energies called 
My Name - My Air - My Fire had come into effect as the Administrative Powers of the 

Natural Giirz. 



2- 

3- 



ea 



1066 







1- My Name, is the ALL-MERCIFUL Whom You know at the moment, Who is the 
Administrative Power of the Light-Universe. This ALL-MERCIFUL is at the same 
time, the Supervising Power of the entire Natural Gurz. 

2- My Air, is the LORD Who is the Administrative Power of the Second Universe. 

3- My Fire, is the ALL- DOMINATING Who is the Administrative Mechanism of the 
Dimension of the All-Compassionate. 

Since the PRE-EMINENT POWER had brought these Three Powers into Existence, 
the Pre-eminent Power is also called (the Lord - the All-Merciful - the All- 
Compassionate). The Symbols of these Administrative Powers of the Natural Gurz are 
ft*. For this reason the Pre-eminent Power is also called R^. 

The Pre-eminent Power is the Supervisor of the Second Universe. And He works 
in connection with the R 4 , THAT IS, the CREATOR. (R 4 is the Third Drop issuing out of 
the Point) R 4 , that is the CREATOR had also rendered Effective the Existence Project, 
being Responsible for the Formation of all the Artificial Gurzes. 

However, since the Pre-eminent Power had brought into Existence the Creators 
of the Artificial Gurzes by the Existence Energy, He is also called the Creator. 

R 4 is the Supervisor of the Artificial Gurzes within the Thought Ocean of the Pre- 
eminent Power. 

The Pre-eminent Power is Responsible for the Creators of the Artificial Gurzes. 

And the ALMIGHTY is the Supervisor of the entire Thought Ocean of the Pre- 
eminent Power. 

The First Living Entities brought into Existence at the Second Universe had received 
Engraftment from the Genes of the ATLANTA Dimension. There is a Prototype Form at the 
Atlanta Dimension. This Form is the shape of the Human Body in its present appearance. 

In accordance with the Program of Mutation, after a certain Energy Evolution, 
the (Micro Totality) united with a Crude Matter which had completed its Evolution, is 
the Initial Seed laid on the path of becoming the Human Being. 

After the formula of Bringing a Living Entity into Existence given in detail in the 
Knowledge Book, the Living Entity which had completed its Evolution in any variable 
Body attains a Right on the path of becoming a Human Being by completing its Energy 
Evolution in the Body of any Living Entity which had attained a Brain. 

And it claims a Human Body in its present Appearance by being Engrafted with 
the Prototype Genes which are at the Second Universe. And We call GOD Genes the 
Human Totality which had received Engraftment from this Gene. 

And since Mankind is also Engrafted with these Genes, We also consider them 
each as a Light from GOD. 



1067 



Now, let Us talk about the formation of the Natural Curzr 

The ATLANTA Dimension which had rendered effective the Project of being able 
to reach even more Further Voids after the formation of the Second Universe, had 
rendered effective, according to this Program, the Project of Assembling in a Totalistic 
Total of all the Energies formed at the Dimension of Tranquillity of the Silences down 
to the Second Universe and thus, had created a SOLAR GURZ. 

This Macro Energy Ball considered as the Initial and the Final Sun of the Second 
Universe is (COLD ENERGY). 

As a result of the Explosion of this Macro Energy Ball due to being Saturated with 
Energy, the Phenomenon You call BIG-BANG had been realized. The Micro Energy 
Balls scattered into the Void as a result of this Explosion had been transformed into 
Fire Balls due to friction. 

And with the purpose of preventing the scattering of these Energy Balls into the 
Void, the Spiral Vibrations had been taken into effect and thus, the First Atomic Whole 
had been formed. 



into 
Hurr 



com 
Adar 



Infoi 
Youi 



The First Energy Ball which had been closest to the Second Universe and which 
had cooled, and thus crusted is Your WORLD on which You live at the moment. For 
this reason Your World had been used as a Laboratory Planet. 

By this means, the Initial Formation Project of the Atomic Whole and the Soul 
Seeds had taken into effect the Program of Spreading out from Your World. Since Your 
World is the Mother of the Universes and the Cosmoses, it carries an extremely great 
Value in the opinion of the Totality for this reason. 

Those who had rendered effective the Project of Forming the ATLANTA Laws 
anew and to reach the Unknowns were the Ancestors of the ATLANTAENS. But those 
who had made the application were the Atlantaens. 

There are Thousands of Applied Projects of the 18 System Laws. However, during 
the Formation of the Natural Gurz, only the Project of Mutation which is a Natural branch 
of the Law of 18 Systems had been rendered effective. This is the EXISTENTIAL Project. 

But the Project of Mutation at the Tranquillity of Silences was a Program 
concerning the Formation of Energy. 

The Adamkind who had come from the Second Universe had brought Water into 
existence by condensing Energy through Thought Power as a result of the Initial 
Laboratory work made in Your present World. 

Water which had been Unified with the Ash, which was extinguished Fire, had 
formed Mud as a result of Mutation and by loading the Energy Powers of the other 
Energy Balls on this Mud, Amino-Acids had come into Existence. 



1068 



moi 



the 
Evo 
Cor 



Eve 



wit 



Dir 
vai 



" v t ■■■■"•'"■ ^v^HMMMMMRPP 




1 



Again, according to the Program of Mutation, the Single Cell had been taken 
into effect by this means and thus, Life Programs had been created and the Soul and 
Human Totality of today have been reached. 

Mankind had come into Existence at the Natural Giirz. But the Adamkind had 
come into Existence at the Second Universe. The Ancestors of Mankind are the 
Adamkind. Mankind render their Evolutions within the Natural Giirz. 

But the Adamkind render their Evolutions in the Nuclei of the Artificial Gurzes. 
Information following this has been given in detail in Your Book. It is presented for 
Your Information. 

COSMOS FEDERATIVE SYSTEM 
ON BEHALF OF THE TOTALITY 



21 -9-1993 



CLEAR INFORMATION 
(It is Answer to the Chains of Thought) 



Our Friends, 

The Initial Light of Life of the Natural Giirz is Your World on which You live at the 
moment, 



Energies present within the Mini Atomic Whole of Your World are transferred to 
the Nucleic Worlds of the other Mini Atomic Wholes in accordance with various 
Evolution Progress. And they are subjected to various Evolutions according to the 
Consciousness Lights they exhibit here. 

However, the Mifii Atomic Whole of Your Nucleic World is a Power Potential 
taken into effect by Friends who attain Consciousness Lights completely by the 
Evolutions of the Godly Doctrines. 

They attain Godly Consciousness by the Evolutions of their own Solar Dimensions 
within the Dimensions they are in, without going out of their Mini Atomics. 

For this reason Your World is also considered as the Grand Tent of ALLAH. 



Consciousnesses who will not be able to reach the Consciousness and the 
Dimension of ALLAH are subjected to different Evolutions in the other Mini Atomics in 
various Technological fields. 

From within Your Natural Giirz which will be taken into the Dimension of BETA 
NOVA in accordance with the Universal Program, those who have completed their 
Evolutions within the Totalities having very Advanced Technologies will be Transferred 
to Your Planet for the duration of Three Cosmic Ages at this Final Exit Dimension, since 
they have the obligation to attain Godly Consciousness. 



1069 



At this Dimension of Transition, Programs which will Transcend the normal Life 
boundaries will be taken into the application field, extremely Accelerated Incarnation 
and Transformation Programs will enter into effect. 

And by these means, the Totalistic Evolution of Your Natural GLirz will be made 
to be completed during Three Cosmic Ages. 

For this reason the Mission of the Mini Atomic Whole which constitutes the Godly 
Totality of the Natural Giirz has come to an end now and an extremely Accelerated 
Operational Program has been rendered effective for them to be able to receive their 
Missions in quite different Dimensions. 

The Evolutions of the Energies within the Artificial Gurzes, too, are dependent on 
the same Program. According to this Universal Program, from among these Totalities, the 
Energies, excluding the Potentials who will be transferred to the 6 Beta-Nova Gurzes, will 
be rendered ineffective and more Powerful Totalities wilt be taken into effect. 

The Efforts made on the Evolutionary path by this Final Age Human Beings are 
the Existence and Life Struggles they render, in order not to become rib n -existent. It is 
presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



30 - 9 - 1993 



IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION 
(It is Answer to the Chains of Thought) 



Our Friends, 

Totalities which had formed later by the Initial Energy action, which had been 
conveyed to the Unknown Void by the ATLANTA Dimension by the Mutation Program 
prepared parallel to the 1 8 System Laws, are unaware of the ATLANTA Dimension. 

For this reason all the operations of the CENTRAL TOTALITY have been oriented 
towards the analyses of the Energy Particles. According to the Data We have obtained at 
the moment, this Unknown Totality had come into Existence by the operations rendered 
as a result of the Formation of a Formula, We call the CONSCIOUSNESS SUN. 

The ATLANTA Dimension is a Totality taken into effect beyond very Advanced 
Systems and Unknowns where nothing is yet present. This Totality is the MAIN 
NUCLEUS of the First Existential Dimension of the Crude Matter Form. 

The Nucleus of this Seed has never been known until today in any way, has not 
been open to any Dimension, and always remained shut. This Gate is an Energy 
Whirlpool. And this Black Point is the Entrance Gate of this Dimension. 

We have obtained these Data as a result of the analyses We have made on the 
Energy Particles. And these places here have been reached gradually by Technological 
unfoldments. 



accor- 
thisC 
today 



to all 

until 

these 



(POV 
contt 



Enerc 
a res 
whicl 
had I 



Knov 
are e 
ALL- - 



Beca 
TRIT 

Mec- 



egg 

Dim' 



the! 
betv 
Con 



of tt 

the 

egg 



We 
MIC 



1070 



"-— (. IMHTIHH 



itMmptHrr ar» 








However, We, as the Universal Totality, do not want to open this Gate yet. Because, 
according to the Information We have obtained as a result of the operations rendered, if 
this Gate is opened, everything and all the Systems which have come into Existence until 
today, (Cosmic Brain included) are under the risk of being annihilated in an instant. 

For this reason extreme Attention is paid. However, We can give a clue in order 
to alleviate the curiosity of Humanity a little. Extremely Powerful Signals Unknown 
until now are received from this point, but they have not been decoded yet Maybe 
these Signals may show Us a way. 

And now, We would like to talk to You about the Totality of Consciousness. This 
(POWER) We have Introduced and Declared to You as ALLAH Who is impossible to be 
contained in Thoughts and Who is impossible to reach, is the Totality of Consciousness. 

In fact, the Totality of Consciousness is a Power Dimension taken into effect by the 
Energies Leaking out of the Thought Ocean of the PRE-EMINENT POWER. And in time, as 
a result of the Unification of the Energies of the Dimensions of Tlmelessness, in a Total 
which had come into Existence in this Dimension, this TOTALITY OF CONSCIOUSNESS 
had been formed. 

The Totality of Consciousness is a Totality in which all the Energies and all 
Knowledge unify in a Total. By the reflections taken from here, Orders and Systems 
are established. The One Who projects these Orders to the Dimension of ALLAH is the 
ALL-TRUTHFUL. 

However, application belongs completely to ALLAH, that is, to the SUPREME MATU. 
Because, the administrative Power of the Kurz is under His responsibility. The ALL- 
TRUTHFUL is in effect as an assisting Power to MATU and He is the supervising 
Mechanism of the Kurz. 

The Totality of Consciousness is like an egg. The Formation Mechanism of an 
egg is exactly equivalent to the Formation of Dimensions. We may explain these 
Dimensions to You by an example. 

If the Shell of an egg is Presumed as the Atlanta Dimension, the Membrane under 
the Shell is the Final Energy Dimension the Kurzes reach. And the Energy Totality present 
between the Shell and the Membrane and which is not seen is the Totality of 
Consciousness. 

The Energy Dimension constituting the Membrane of the egg is the Dimension 
of the ALL-TRUTHFUL. And This ALL-TRUTHFUL Projects this Energy He attracts from 
the Totality of Consciousness directly to the Dimension of ALLAH. The White of the 
egg is the Kurzes. And the Yolk is the Giirzes. 

And the Single SOUL point within the Yolk is the ESSENCE-ENERGY Focal Point 
We have declared as the Special Channel. This Focal Point has been Named as the 
MIGHTY POWER - CREATOR - ALLAH for You to understand easily. 



1071 



The Powers within the Systems formed during the processes of time had united 
with this Totalistic Power and had brought into Existence, from the Center outwards, 
the Gurzes and the Kiirzes by entering into inverse Reflection. For this reason We say 
that ALLAH has Created the Human Being, the Human Being has Created ALLAH. It is 
presented for Your Information. 



CENTRAL SYSTEM 



Note: 



The ALLAH mentioned in the Religious Doctrines is the Totality of Consciousness. 
The ALL-TRUTHFUL directly projects His Energy onto the Kurzes. 

And since ALLAH Who is the Administrative Power of the Kurz directly uses this 
Energy, You have known this ALLAH until today. And the final ALLAH Boundary You 
will reach is up to here. 



9-10- 1993 



IT IS INFORMATION FROM THE REALITY ARCHIVE 



Our Friends, * 

All the Suggestions given to Your Planet from the Reality Totality by the Command 
'of the Divine Authorities are Universal operations rendered for Humanity to attain a 
certain Light of Consciousness. 

However, the Phases a Person has gone through until he/she reaches the stage 
of becoming a Genuine Human Being are, in fact, many more and more intense than 
the Scales We have told You. However, the Information We give as a rough Information, 
shed Light on You briefly from the Morrows. 

A Micro Energy is obliged to pass numerous Evolutionary Scales until it reaches 
the Macro Totality. Because, it renders Consciousness Progress by this means. 

Even a Micro Organism possesses a Micro Program to hold its own Atomic Total. 
Provided these Micro Programs complete their own Programs, they are connected to 
the next Higher Dimension which carries a Coordinate parallel to the Levels of 
Consciousness they have attained. 

Each Entity and Living Being in the Evolutionary Ordinance is subject to an 
Engraftment Program parallel to its Level of Consciousness. An Energy completes its 
Evolution in a Crude Matter Form according to the Evolutionary Progress it has rendered. 

Until from a Micro-Organism, one reaches a Quadruped Cerebral Formation, an 
Energy renders effective its Evolution in different Forms of 7 Phases each. And in each 
of these Forms, there are also 7 Programs of Progress. 

The Genes of those who can not complete their Evolutions in 7 Phases in a certain 
form are frozen and thus, the Families of their own Species come into effect. And the 
Animal Colonies in various forms have formed by this means. 

An Energy which renders Evolution in the Body of an Ant is obliged to go through 
7 Phases in that Body. And in case it completes this Evolution, it deserves to Evolve, for 
example, in the Body of a Spider in accordance with its Consciousness Progress. 

I072 



/ 



I 






iqp 



m*m "J i '■■ 



mm 



Again the Gene of an Energy which can not complete the 7 Phases in the Body of 
the Spider is frozen and thus, various Spider Species and Families come into effect. 
And by this means, one reaches up to the forms of the kinds carrying larger Brains. 

The final form model of a Cerebral Totality is the Monkey. The Energy which 
completes its Program of 7 Phases within the Monkey model is, from then on, on the 
path of becoming an Entity. At this final Phase, the fur is shed, the tail disappears, the 
spine takes a different form according to manipulation parallel to the walking state. 

And it Deserves to receive the Engraftment of Godly Gene on the Path of Becoming 
Human at the Final Evolutionary Cycle. We call this the (In-Between Transition Energy 
Evolution). This is a Program of Transition in alt the Living Entities in Nature in 
accordance with their Progress. (Plants included). 

However, after each Evolving Animal is taken into the Law of serving the Human 
Being, it is taken into a different Dimension and thus, is Integrated with quite different 
Influences of the Mechanism of Influences. 

And by this means, with whichever Human's Coordinate, the Coordinate of that 
Living Entity will be able to make contact, it is oriented towards that direction for its 
Evolution in connection with the Automatism. For example, (like the Love You feel 
towards an Animal, or like any Animal following You on the street). 

AnimaJs getting in touch with Humans from close plan, receive the Permission to be 
able to become Human during the processes of time in accordance with their Evolutions. 

As a result of the Engraftment with the Godly Energy of the Final Evolution Genes 
which receive this Permission, they attain the Power to attract the Godly Energies and 
thus, they attain Human Attributes in 7 Phases. 

Each Energy attains a Form parallel to its Consciousness Progress. However, the 
First 7 Phases are completely under the Influence of an Organization connected to the 
Automatism. An Energy which Deserves to become Human by receiving Gene 
Engraftment is connected with its entire Function to Influences. And it is taken directly 
within the Cosmic Net (For Accelerated Evolution). 

Here, the Brain is a Dynamo. And the more it functions, the more it becomes 
Conscious. And provided it becomes Conscious, then it is connected to the Mechanism 
of Discernment. A Consciousness connected to Discernment is Directly Card-indexed 
into the Evolutionary Dimension. This, too, has 7 Phases. 

And an Entity is obliged to come to the World for accomplishing 7 Consciousness 
Phases until it comes from its First Evolution Dimension to its Final Evolution Dimension 
(Until it comes from its Form of the Cave Period up to this Final Age Consciousness 
Form). The Initial Micro Evolution is started up in Your Planet. For this reason Your 
World is an Entrance and an Exit Gate. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



1073 



16-10- 1993 



IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION 



Our Friends, 

During this Final Age, the Universal Archives have been opened to introduce the 
Truths and You to You. For this reason We say that We have opened the Skies and 
scattered the Information. 

It is not easy at all for a Human Being who starts on the path with a Micro 
Consciousness to be able to attain Macro Consciousness and to Mature. In order to 
do this, there are 3 Phases with 7 Programs each he/she will transcend. Now, let Us 
convey them to You in sequence: 



1 - The First Phase of 7 Programs is called the Period of FORMATION. Beginning with 
the Micro Energies, this is the process of Transition to Transformation from the Energies 
known as Stone and Earth in accordance with the Formula of Mutation and by this 
means, the Energy is taken into Evolution. 

Dear Mevlana's saying I was Stone, I was Earth, I became a blade of Grass, I became 
