suffocate his/her own self (Those who see the Light of their Conscience are Saved). 

57. Humanity which becomes Conscious by this means will be obliged to Love those 
whom it does not Love for its own Peace of Mind. Or it will attain the habit of not 
Producing Negative by Thoughts. 

58. This System is valid for every Living Entity in Your Planet (Animals included). Those 
who Think Good will attain Goodness, those who Think Evil will attain Malevolence. 

59. While Your Planet is Unified at the moment silently and profoundly as a Skein of 
Love, evil ones will annihilate the evil ones by this means. 

60. The path the Knowledge Book has designed for You is the Path of DEVOTEES 
SCIENTISTS - THE WISE ONES. 

61. For those who walk on this path Consciously by becoming Conscious, there are 
no problems, there are lots of Serenity. This Message is the direct Notice of the 
Council. 

CENTER ABOVE THE CENTER 

WHAT IS THE TABLETS OF GOD'S DECREES 
(It is answer to the chains of Thought) 

THE TABLETS OF GOD'S DECREES is a Book which comprises the First Constitution 
known as the Secret Box of the LORD which was prepared beyond Times beyond Time, 
beyond Ordinances beyond Ordinance and the Constitutions of all the Systems after that 
and which, today, is accepted as the LAW OF UNIVERSES. We call it the KNOWLEDGE 
BOOK. 



Your Religious Books bestowed on Your Planet until today by the educative staff 
revealed as Celestial Doctrines are each a Preparatory Program considered necessary 
by the different Laws of the Knowledge Book here. 

The Book dictated to Dear Mevlana, bestowed on Your Planet which is now in its 
Awakening Period, is a Universal Constitution prepared as the summary of the 
Knowledge Book here in accordance with the Level of Consciousness of Your Planet. 
For this reason this Book is called, "The Knowledge Book". 

It is a Book of Cosmic Light. We define it by various Names, too, in accordance 
with the Missions it performs. Only the Universal Consciousnesses grasp the Power of 
this Book of Truths. It is Your Key of Awakening. Because, it assembles in Itself the 
Energies of all the Religious Doctrines bestowed on You until today and the Energies 
of the Mighty Energy Focal Point. 

436 



Your Sacred Books bring You to a certain Dimension and leave You there. But 
this Knowledge Book prepares You for the unknown horizons beyond Dimensions by 
its Special Frequency. However, this Book is never a Book of Religion. It is not a Book 
to be worshipped. It is the Key of Your Essence. And it is a Guide which makes You 
attain Yourselves. 

For this reason it is mentioned and will be mentioned often, so that this Knowledge 
Book which You have in Your hands in Fascicules may be comprehended quite well by 
Your Society. This Message has been dictated by the Cosmos Federal Assembly as an 
answer to the chains of Thought. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 

THE FIRST CONSTITUTION 

IT IS INFORMATION ABOUT THE ATLANTIS CIVILIZATION 

(Answer to the chains of Thought) 

Our Friends, 

Those who had established the Advanced Orders of the Divine Plans, who hold 
the present Powers in their hands and who had established the Orders of the Advanced 
Ages are the ATLANTAENS. They are the Establishes of the Solar Systems still unknown, 
possessing a very Advanced Civilization and a very Advanced Technology. 

(Yes, You have not misunderstood. Maybe it will seem peculiar to You, but it is 
the Atlantaens who had found the Essential materials of the Solar Systems, who had 
established them and who had put them in such an Ordinance which operates by 
Natural Power). Later, this Advanced Civilization had continued its operations by 
establishing Order in these Systems they had established. 

The Ordinance in that Order, the System in that Period have taken place in no other 
Succession. (Succession: System, Ordinance established anew). Their Ancestors had 
established the Atlanta Civilization. And their grandchildren had administered the Universal 
Orders. 



However, during the process of Time, the Civilization which had gone through a 
transformation by the different influences of the Dimensional Energies in which the Genes 
and the Natural Energies were present had been divided into two classes: 

1 . The Educative Staff. 

2. The Administrative Staff. 

The ones who Educated were the Men of Religion. The Directing Staff who 
served under the Light of the Men of Religion had carried out a Just function. 

However, due to the differences which occurred in the Views of their Essence 
Brothers and Sisters who had come into existence through their Genes and who existed 
in different Cosmic Mediums, Essence Characteristics gradually began to change and 
with the Dimensional Energies the Function of Thinking became Effective as a result of 
giving up the Universal Energies attracted through the Brain. 

437 



Part of the Atlantaens who did not loose their inherent Essence Characteristics divided 
into classes and preferred to establish different Civilizations. Those who had established 
the Underwater Civilization in Your Planet had established a Civilization called ATLANTIS 
Gust like the Dragomans of present). 

The Atlantis Civilization which was a very Developed, a just Civilization had been 
completely constituted by the Priest Staff and the Classes of the Clergy. And those Priests 
had tried to establish a Just Civilization in the World by using the Energies they attracted 
from the Universal Energy through their Brain Powers, 

This Underwater Civilization is, more or less, Two Billion years old in accordance 
with the history of the World, You have not been able to calculate exactly even the age of 
Your old World yet In fact, those are Your Ancestors. 

In the operations made until the Succession of the Last Generation, dates are not 
important (The Succession of the last Generation is taken as Two billion years). You have 
already made that calculation, more or less. 

The cause of destruction of Atlantis had been just like that of SODOM and 
GOMORRAH Period. 

The Genes which had been degenerated by the degenerative influence of the 
Generations belonging to the same blood and the same Gene and the decline which 
began to occur due to their losing their Natural Powers had prepared the end of the 
Atlantis Civilization. 

They had been annihilated by the influence of the Advanced Technological Powers 
(The purpose is not to degenerate the established Order, to preserve the Universal 

Equilibrium), 

The last Atlantis Civilization was the Priests, that is, (the Messengers of God) 
who had been the assistants of the Advanced Plans and who had taken shelter in the 
temples which had been established on the waterfalls. They were the 600 Messengers 
accepted for Salvation. 

And, at the moment, in Your Planet each one of those 600 Messengers serves at 
the Dimension of Salvation. Each one of them performs the Mission befalling on his/ 
her part and bestows on the World 600 Books (In various cultural and Scientific matters). 

The System endeavoured to be established in Your Planet at the moment is 
bestowed on You by the help of the just Atlanta Messengers, There is a Principle here. 

This Principle is the FIRST CONSTITUTION which had been present during the 
first establishment, that is, much before the Universes, the Systems established by the 
Messengers of the Advanced Civilization. Now, We try to convey to You this Constitution 
Being Loyal to its Essence. 



438 



The first Principle in the Law was as follows: 

1 . Whoever You are, so is Your Brother or Sister. 

2. Mothers are the Mothers of all the children, Fathers are the Fathers of all the 

children. 

3. In one morsel, partiality even as small as a wheat grain can not be made. 

4. Everything will be equally distributed to everyone. 

5. One who does not radiate his/her Love to his/her surroundings, who does not 
let flow his/her Energy to his/her Essence is transferred beyond the curtain of 
Immortality. He/She is sent to the Principle of Existence (Program of Reincarnation 
and Karma). 

This was the initial Foundation of the FIRST CONSTITUTION. Afterwards, various 
Constitutions had come into Effect. But they always stayed Loyal to the initial basic 
rights. And the Godly Ordinances had been established by this way. 

The First Constitution caused misleading interpretations in Consciousnesses 
during the process of time. The Family concept had been removed from Mentalities 
when it was stated that each child belonged to each Mother, each child belonged to 
each Father. Thus, the Degeneration began. 

Later, the Mentality of Assuming Ownership by Egos became effective and 
afterwards, in each Period the Family concept has been assessed in accordance with 
Individual Consciousnesses. In fact, the Truth was as follows: 

1 . Each Mother, also, will not discriminate the Children of other Mothers from her own. 

2. Each Father would undertake, Materially and Spiritually, the responsibility of the 
other Children, too, besides his own and will carry it. 

This Wonderful Principle left its place, in time, to different interpretations in 
different Consciousnesses. And various Civilizations had been destroyed for this reason 
and Orders were established anew. 

The Family Order of Atlanta could never be established again, until today, in any 
other Civilization. In order to establish that Order anew, it is necessary to consider 
everything anew and this is utterly impossible now. 

For this reason, with the efforts of establishing the most Just Orders, Hierarchical 
Orders had been established on the Godly Path, Books had been revealed, different 
Constitutions had been applied in accordance with the Evolutionary Level of each 
Planet and each directing staff had been connected to the next higher directing staff 
and the SINGLE had been reached and His Order had been projected on all the Realms. 

Now, We invite You to the Truth by this KNOWLEDGE BOOK. And We are hoping 
that You will help Your Brothers and Sisters on this Luminous Path and the New Order 
of Our LORD. And We are working together with You on this path. 

CENTER 



439 



PRIVATE MESSAGE 
(It is Written in the Book by the Permission Received from the Plan) 

Question - It is said that the View of a Universe rotating around a Center not discovered 
yet, was taking the place of the Big-Bang Theory. What is this? I ask the 
PRE-EMINENT SPIRIT to explain it, please. 

Answer -Information for the Pen of the Golden Age: 

All the answers given to the Suns from the Central System become possible by 
projecting on Your Planet the Scientific and the Technological Order. The Principle of 
the Universal Ordinance which We call CIRCULAR EVOLVEMENT is a Law valid in all the 
Universal Ordinances and nobody has known it until today. 

The Information We give to You now is a little bit more broadened and clarified 
form of the known Laws in accordance with Your Levels of Consciousness. But the 
question You asked, Dear Meviana, is a System which is not possible for everyone to 
understand. 

In an order established by Atlanta Establishes, the System which can reach easily 
up there by taking even the Natural Laws under their Supervision, by arranging the 
Natural Energies in accordance with the Dimensions they wish are the Establishers of 
the entire Ordinance, the entire Order and the Systems. 

That place is a Pre-eminent UNITY OF THOUGHT directing all the Commands. 
At 'the moment, We can not, in any way, convey this to Your Planet. We can only 
express this Information which is outside the Messages given in accordance with the 
Level of Consciousness of Your Planet, as follows: 

Even the Pre-eminent Energy Focal Point We have declared as the CREATOR until 
today and Its Establishers are nothing but the projectors of this Ordinance. Now, let 
Us give an example to the question asked, so that You will be satisfied. And let Us 
answer it in the following way: 

Each Universe is, so to speak, administered by a string attached to the end of a 
balloon. Each Universe moves connected to different Centers. And these Centers, 
too, move connected to a Single Center. 

The Universes are composed of Seven Universes one inside the other, in a conical 
way. The end of the string is the Essence-Center of the Universe in question. Even if 
the operational Ordinance of the Hierarchical Order seem to be as an Independent 
establishment, it is still directly connected to the (ESSENCE MAIN ESSENCE SOURCE). 
That is, each Universe receives the Commands from here. 

The Natural explosions You name Big-Bangs are nothing but the Natural 
movements of a System existing since the Times when there were no Time, since 
beyond the Centuries. 



440 



Now, this System keeps this Natural Power under its responsibility and, by this 
means, can use in any way it wishes the Natural Laws and Rules and even the Energies 
by changing them as it wishes. And it tries to convey the Universal Energies up to 
other Dimensions by little explosions as the Eighteen-System Law. 

You asked the question to the Plan of the Pre-eminent Spirit; We, the Center 
Above the Center answered You. Now, We connect You to the Mechanism of the Pre- 
eminent Spirit, speak, please. 

Hello, little girl. Is that You? I received the question You asked. Now, I will 
explain it to You in all clarity. There was Only a FIRE administering the entire Universe 
during the Periods in which the Administrative Orders of the Technological Dimensions 
had not been in effect yet. 

The Ordinances of the Realms were not yet under authority. The Initial SOUND 

- the Initial DIVINE LIGHT - the Initial FIRE were reigning in a Medium from where it 
had been Created is yet unknown, way beyond the Existential Ordinances. But now, 
We have decided that it had been this Technological Dimension which had created 
them, also. 

There was not a single Universe in those Periods, either. Three Universes, one 
inside the other, used to complete a Whole. Outside the Fire-Universe, there was the 
Light-Universe and outside it, was the Sound-Universe. All of them were operating as 
the Power of the same Center. 

Later, the Living Entities who had come into Existence from these Universes had 
constituted a Colony which took the Awareness of the entire Ordinance under 
Supervision. 

I can not explain it to You as Time. I can only say that much: You may Think 
about it as existing in Periods where there was no Sky without Light, no Cosmoses, no 
Galaxies and no billions of Universe-Clusters. 

I do not want to confuse Your mind even more. They are the very Establishes of 
the Ordinances of Cosmoses and the Orders of today. And also, their Pre-eminent 
Ones of the Ancient Times were their Ancestors who had Created the Universes of Fire 

- Light - Sound, as I have mentioned to You above. 

The Absolute Mighty is the Natural Power. But they have achieved to take this 
Power under Supervision. They have created the Natural Thousand from the Natural 
One and, by this means, they have connected all the Orders to a System, to a Law. 

The Mighty Energy Focal Point We had given to You as an Information is under 
the Supervision of the (Creator), that is, under My Supervision. But I, the Pre-eminent 
Spirit (Pre-eminent Mother) have always been the Representative of a System which 
have been Projecting their Orders until today. 



44 1 



This is the very System in which everything is said to Originate from a Single 
Focal Point. The great explosions which used to take place once do not occur any 
more now. Because, then, Great Fire Balls used to be exploded so that the Energies 
could reach here from distances where there were no distances. 

Now, by making One a Thousand, by issuing this System as a Law, by the 1 8- 
System Law, little explosions can convey easily the Universal Energies to the required 
distances. These explosions are Natural Energies. 

However, its Supervision goes to very Advanced Plans, to unknown horizons 
where even Solar Systems will not be able to reach. No one can ever dominate this 
1 8-System Law. Even We do not know how it had come into existence. More Information 
about this have not been given yet. This much Information is enough, little Girl. 



PRE-EMINENT SPIRIT 



IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION 



Our Friends, 

We call PRIMA the Power which administers the Center of all the Realms, Cosmoses 
and the unknown horizons. This is a word constituted by the first letters of the words 
You do not know, so You can not code it. 

The void which can entirely hold in the Atomic Whole, that is, all the Universe- 
Clusters, Galaxy-Clusters, Realm and Cosmos-Clusters, is called The RING OF BREATH. 
It is wide enough to comprise 600 Atomic Wholes. Let Us make the following 
comparison for You to understand better. 

Presume the Magma of Your World as an Atomic Whole. You may accept each of 
the Galaxies Coming into Existence in accordance with the 18-System Law as an 
hydrogen explosion. The ring outside this Magma is called The RING OF HORIZON. 
No Living Entity until today has seen it (That is, outside the Atomic Whole). 

Because, it is not easy to Arrive at the Divine Light from the Fire. The Fire We 
mention here is the Atomic Whole. And the Divine Light is the Ring of Breath in which 
the Atomic Whole exists (The Divine Lights mentioned in Your Sacred Books are not 
these. They are within the Atomic Whole). 

This Ring of Breath maintains the life of the Atomic Whole. The Energy voids You 
name as Black and White holes open towards here. One Kindles, the other Blows. 
This unseen Breath is both a stimulant for the Centrifugal Universe and a Power for the 
other Realms. 



Now, We are trying to take You gradually outside this Atomic Whole. 
prepare You by the operations made on this path. 



And We 



442 



There are layers just like the layers of Your World outside this Ring of Breath. The 
Ring of Breath which is over the Atomic Whole which We have likened to the Magma 
is its protector. 

Over it there are Filtering Rings layer by layer. And its width is wide enough to 
hold, more or less, three Rings of Breath. (That is, it can hold 600X3=1800 Atomic 
Wholes). Over it there is the protective ARMOUR. But this Armour is like a Sieve. 

It collects the entire Energy of the Initial Power and gives it to the Filter. And the 
Filter gives it fractionally to the Ring of Breath. And from there, it reaches the Atomic 
Whole. 

There is a layer You do not know and We can not describe outside the Protective 
Armour and this forms the Powerful Projectors which are serrated like mountain ranges 
and which look like the cross-section of a diamond or a crystal. The height of each 
crystalline cross-section is, more or less, 133,000 OK (One OK is 1.5 billion Kms. in 
accordance with Your calculations). 

Afterwards, come the Initial LIGHT - Initial SOUND - Initial POWER. The Three of 
them broadcast as a Whole. It is not known yet what this Source is. They are very 
different Essence-Power which can not be measured by Dimensions and Energies and 
for which even the expression Energy -can not be used. 

For the present, We have used the expression the ALMIGHTY for it so that You 
can understand. But in fact, We use a different expression. In future, gradually, certain 
Information will be disclosed in accordance with Your Levels of perception. 

COSMOS FEDERAL ASSEMBLY 

SECRET WITHIN THE SECRET 

Our Friends, 

Such Systems reign in the Divine Orders of the Divine Authorities that all of them 
serve under the Supervision of the Divine Power. The Supreme Energies of the Supreme 
Powers, known as the basis of the Pre-eminent Love and Affection, have taken under 
Supervision all the lives present in the Atomic Power. 

The Atomic Whole is under the Supervision of the (ALL-DOMINATING). During this 
Supervision and Direction, each System is subject to Evolutions peculiar to itself. These 
Evolutions have been prepared in accordance with the Views and the Consciousnesses. 
The Evolution of a Medium never resembles the Evolution of another one. 

These Evolutionary Programs are determined by the decisions taken by the 
Councils of Collective Staffs of the Supreme Mechanism's Divine Powers and are 
projected on every Medium by the Hierarchical Powers of the Divine Authorities. 

The System applied on Your Planet is an order prepared parallel to the Program 
of Instinctive Fear, as the System of Protecting one's self against the Natural Powers. 



Now, You know that Your Planet is a laboratory Planet. For this reason the 
Instinctive Intuitional Functions of the Human Beings and the Animals in Your Planet 
have been more developed in comparison with the other Galactic Dimensions. This is 
Your Protection System. 

In Your Planet which carries the most primitive Frequency, the Mechanism of 
Fear is Your Protective Shield. However, in the Evolutionary System the aim is reached, 
starting on the path with the smallest. 

If an Energy which starts on the path acts freely as it desires, it is taken under control 
by the System, no matter how much a Free Awareness and a Free Spirit it may be. 

Your Planet, in fact, is a Planet under Punishment (It is the First Entrance and the 
Final Exit Gate) . An Energy sent to the Existential Dimension is a Supreme Consciousness 
who did not conform to the Ordinances of the Times beyond Time. These 
Consciousnesses are sent to the Existential Dimension for various reasons. 

Since, those who upset the Divine Order will also upset the Law of Natural 
Equilibrium, they are educated in an order parallel to the immutable Laws of the 
Dimension of the ALMIGHTY. 

In this Silent Medium of Discipline, the Energies of the Galaxy residents who 
presume themselves free are under control each moment. And the style of education 
of each Dimension is different. 

The Dimension of the ALL-DOMINATING which is within the Atomic Whole is a 
Field of Education. Each Energy who completes his/her Evolution in that Medium 
deserves to enter the Dimensions here, in proportion with his/her Merit. 

Your Planet which is the nearest to the ILONA Constellation constitutes the First 
steps of Evolution. For this reason the first Godly Education and Evolution are applied 
on You. 

The Primary Purpose in this Education is to reach the LORD, to be Integrated 
with Him as a Whole. That is, to return with an Educated Consciousness which is 
Respectful to the Laws to Your Essence Energy which had been sent to the Initial 
Existential Dimension. 

Those very beings who complete this Education deserve to receive their Spiritual 
Energies. By this means, they either return to their old places from which they had 
come, or they cooperate with the ALL- DOMINATING and take their places among the 

Educative Staff. 

Teachers who take place among the Educative Staff continue to live interminably 
in Natural and Perfect Worlds even they themselves do not know yet, in Dimensions 
where there is no Non- Existence by their Genuine Free Witts and with exactly their 
present Bodies and Consciousnesses in their Biological Worlds. 



444 



All the Energies sown in Your Planet now are the Educative Staff in various 
directions who have come to this Final Boundary. And they are doing their Doctorates 
of these places here by the assistance they will give on the right path to their Human 
brothers and sisters. 

In future, everyone will come here by becoming Purified of their Egos. Your 
Planet which is Educated on this path at present is going through its Mediamic 
Medium. Each person whose Channel is opened by receiving the Cosmic Currents 
more speedily ppens to a new Consciousness each day. This is Your very Salvation. 

One day the Entire Universe will live as a Whole in a brand new Universe which 
is coming into existence at this moment. We are taking You to these Dimensions 
without agitating You, by freezing Your Spiritual Energies (Of course, those who 
Deserve). 

We are receiving this Message from the Unified Field prepared by the Authorities 
of the Supreme Consciousness of the Mechanism of the Divine Staff. 

Note: In the Religious Educative Staffs applied on Your Educative System, the 
Devil and the Jinns have been especially introduced as Negative Powers. The Purpose 
was to render Our Human Friends whose Fear Function had been developed, to stick 
to their GOD with all their might and to prevent them from going astray His Disciplined 
path. 

In the Announcements imposed on You now, We are telling You continuously to 
overcome Your Fears (You are going through Exams of Fear through various Visions 
We make You experience). 

The Purpose of this is to leave the System in which You were taught methods to 
Protect Yourselves from them until today and to attain a Consciousness in which there 
is Maturity and Tolerance enough to be able to embrace even Your Enemies. 

We wait for You in the unseen Worlds beyond the unseen horizons provided You 
attain the state of asking for Forgiveness even from the Earth You tread on. It is 
presented for Your Information,; 

UNIFIED REALITY COUNCIL 



445 






1988 Fifth Month 
Fascicule 29 

THE COSMIC FOCAL POINTS 
(It is Answer to the Chains of Thought) 

Our Friends, 

Now, Information about the Groups will be given to You. Each Focal Point has a 
Magnetic Aura. The Cosmic Information reflects on these Magnetic Auras as Energy 
Particles. 

These Information projected on Your Entire Planet are all equivalent Information. 
However, people, being unaware of this, make different interpretations and project 
the old Information on them without being aware of it. 

This is the very factor which separates the Mediums and the People from each 
other. During this Period of Sincerity, each person is sent to the Focal Points which 
will help him/her in proportion with his/her Purification, Progress and Conditioning. 

Each Focal Point is a Center of Cosmic Reflection. However, each person is not 
the possessor of Cosmic Awareness, Cosmic Consciousness. Your Planet is showered 
by Cosmic rains for Centuries. But the speciality of this Period is different. 

Entities who are bestowed on Your Planet as Veiled Awarenesses may attain Cosmic 
Consciousness only after they attain Cosmic Awareness. One first attains Universal 
Awareness, Universal Consciousness and later attains Cosmic Awareness, Cosmic 

Consciousness. 

Cosmic Awareness is attained by the Religious Teachings given to You directly in 
connection to the ALPHA Dimension. These are Your Sacred Books. These Books 
prepare You for the morrows. And these Sacred Books have helped You until this 
Medium of Resurrection which We call the Period of Sincerity. 

The Book of Islam had been revealed as a book of ALPHA-BETA. The New 
Testament is ALPHA only. The Book of Islam which is called The KORAN had been 
prepared in the 18th Dimension and had been revealed to Your Planet which is in the 
third Dimension through the 9th Dimension through which the NEW TESTAMENT 
had been revealed. Because, the Public Consciousness had been habituated to the 
Vibrations of only that Frequency until that Period. 

With the Last Book and the Last Prophet, all the Religions have come to an end. 
However, Your Planet, during its final time period of 1 5 Centuries allotted to You, have 
been cleansed and Purified by the purifying waves of the 9th Dimension by the help 
and the Frequency of those who have read these Sacred Books and, by this means, 
You have been taken into the protection of the LORD. 



446 



Now, the situation is quite different. Since it has been felt necessary to make a 
transition from Cosmic Awareness to Cosmic Consciousness in accordance with the 
program of Progress and the accelerated Evolutionary Ordinance, Your Planet has been 
taken into a different Evolutionary Ordinance since the World year 1900 and has been 
exposed to different Cosmic Currents in order to sprout the seeds in the Essence. 

By this means, the gradual transition from Cosmic Awareness to Cosmic 
Consciousness is being made more speedily. Meanwhile, the Awakened 
Consciousnesses have been canalized by the Plan, and the Frequencies of the assisting 
Divine Plan Messengers have been connected to them in accordance with their own 
Frequencies. And, by this means, the Mediamic Medium has been started in Your 
Planet 

- 

Your Planet has been divided into different periods in accordance with a Hundred- 
Year Ordinance of Purification and Accelerated Evolution. The first half of the Twentieth 
Century was a Preparatory Program. During the first quarter of its second half, the Truths 
have begun to be gradually explained to the Awakened Consciousnesses. And the Final 
Period has been decided as the Period of Performance. 

By this means, different Missions and Information have been given to each Awakened 
Consciousness in accordance with his/her Capacity and Frequency Power. And, by this 
means, Cosmic Focal Points have begun to be established in Your Planet. Now, We are 
together with You. And We are obliged to explain to You more and more clearly, due to 
the Scarcity of Time, all the matters which have remained secret until today. Your Efforts 
are Your rewards. 

COSMOS FEDERAL ASSEMBLY 

THE GENUINE HUMAN BEING 
(Message about Intellect, Logic, Awareness, Realization, Thought) 

Our Friends, 

The Intellect is a Center which governs all the functions of the Brain. The operation 
of this Center opens to the Channel of Logic. Logic is connected to Awareness and 
later, Realization becomes effective. Unless these functions are completed, the in-circuit 
unification of the Brain can not be rendered. The Center can not become effective. 

Each circuit has circuits peculiar to itself. The various connection fibres of Your 
Brain are adjusted in accordance with the functional Mediums You will render. And 
these connections are made by the Mechanism of Thought. The Cerebral functions 
can never be activated before Thought becomes effective. 

The Living Entity who is made to come into existence as a Grace of ALLAH either 
survives or destroys itself according to the Ordinance of Existence. After the circuit of 
CONSCIOUSNESS - REALIZATION - LOGIC becomes effective completely, it^neans that 
THOUGHT has attained its form. 



447 



This Thought is like a scattered skein until it attains its objective form. Everything 
rendered is in pieces. However, No disconnection occurs in any connection any more 
only after one attains the Capacity to hold in the Awareness of the Entire Ordinance. 

The Computers of the System are in effect until the Information conveyed to the 
Brain by the Mechanism of Thought attain a complete Totality. And the Center 
supervises the given Information so that Your Cerebral telex will not give way to any 
mistakes. The operations continue in this way until You receive the Information clearly 
and without any mistakes. 

This System is valid for all lives. The differences in understanding between a 
Baby and an Adult, to be more correct, between People, originate from this 

phenomenon. A Person is the possessor of right judgment in proportion with his/her 
attainment of the Truth. 



For this reason the Dr 'ine Plan has made effective first of all the Godly Energy in 
the Evolutionary Ordinance. And by this means, first of all it is tried to make You attain 
Your Identities. And Your Thought Functions should come into effect so that You can 

attain this identity. 

Since Thought is equivalent to the Medium in which a Baby is born, the Brain is 
accepted as being at zero kilometer in accordance with the Dimensional Energy in 
which You are in. 

The triplet INTELLECT - LOGIC - AWARENESS becomes gradually effective. The 
Baby is connected to Quest by the questions he/she asks. And this Quest attracts 
him/her towards the Thought Potential. By this means, the Ordinance of the Plan 
becomes effective. (Evolutionary Order.) 

This procedure is valid for all Living Entities. However, the Living Entities who 
have attained Cerebral Function behave depending on only the Thought Potential. 
First, a Thought is in the same level in every Living Entity in Your Planet. However, 
their Levels of REALIZATION - LOGIC - AWARENESS are different. 

The Living Entities other than Human Beings receive Signals from the Instinctive 
section of Thought. Human Beings, too, receive signals from a part of this Instinctive 
section of Thought which You call the SIXTH SENSE. 

In animals the circuit of THOUGHT - AWARENESS - REALIZATION is valid. Since 
there is no LOGIC, they are connected to the Instinctive circuit through the instinctive 
section of Thought. And this is imperative for survival until they deserve to become a 
Human Being by attaining the LOGICAL functioning during numerous life times (This 
process is a phenomenon belonging to very advanced Dimensions). 

Each Energy which has come into Existence has an Evolution and Incarnation 
Order in accordance with its own functional Medium. These are the (Rock, Soil, Grass, 
Human Being, all the Living Entities and the different Energies peculiar to them). They 
all act in different Evolutionary modes always dependent on the next advanced function 
in conformity with their Evolutionary Ordinances, 

448 



h 


LOGIC 


2. 


AWARENESS 


3. 


REALIZATION 


4. 


DOUBT 



After the Living Entities Vou qualify as Animals complete their own Evolutionary 
Ordinances through the triplet Thought - Realization - Awareness peculiar to 
themselves, the Plan comes into effect and connects them to the section of LOGIC by 
rendering certain alterations in the Cellular functions. 

This section of Logic first becomes effective as Automatism. Later, it is connected 
to the Channel of Realization. And by this means, the Living Entity which attains 
Awareness in time claims all its functions as a Human Being. When the Logic Order of 
his/her own center circuit becomes effective, the Terrestrial life begins. 

The moment the Logic circuit becomes activated, Your Channel of doubt is opened 
in the Medium of Quest. And all through life the System of LOGIC - AWARENESS - 
REALIZATION - DOUBT - QUEST - DISCOVERY continues. These Systems are not single. 
There are different Systems to which each one of them is connected separately. Let Us 
explain it as follows: 



: Acts through the Terrestrial Potential. 

: Completes its function connected to the Spiritual Plan. 

: Is connected to the Lordly Mechanism. 

: Works in cooperation with Quest and acts in connection with the 
Automatic Logic from the Plan. This is called Automatism. All the 
Living Entities are connected to this Mechanism all through their 
lives (Mechanism of Influences). 

: Being connected to Intelligence, it becomes connected through 
the Channel of the Creative Power to the Central Center, that is, 
to the Artistic Dimension and this is the most evolved state of the 
Brain in this World Dimension. 



After this. Quest becomes more accelerated. As Quest increases, Doubt also 
increases. By this means, the triplet LOGIC - AWARENESS - REALIZATION gradually 
opens its wings from the Terrestrial Dimension and begins to expand towards the 
Universal Dimension. And by this means, the Human Being begins to Transcend even 
himself/herself. 

The Terrestrial Logical Dimension is closed when one enters the Universal 
Ordinance (It is opened only during daily Terrestrial operations). You attain the ability 
to discover many things under the supervision of the Plan, again being dependent on 
the Automatism. And by this means, You dive into the Existential Ordinance. 

The Existential Ordinance is directly the Lordly Medium. And from there, We 
give You WARNING - TEACHING - PROVING Information in accordance with the 
Consciousness of the Mediums You are in and by this means, We connect You to the 
channel in which Your Thought Repliques You have produced since Your First Existence 
until You have come to Your present state, exist. This is Your Channel of Essence. And 
it is Your Dowry Chest. 



449 



DISCOVERY 



And You proceed under the supervision of the Plan and by its aid until You catch 
Your Final Thought Repliques in Your channels. First, You act through: 1 - Religious 
Enlightenments. Later, 2 - Religious Fulfillment. Later, 3 - Universal Awareness, and 
still later, 4 - Through the Realization - Logic - Awareness of the Ordinance and thus, 
ultimately, You attain UNIVERSAL CONSCIOUSNESS. 

The Realization, Awareness, Logic of the Ordinance are not attained easily. When 
You catch the final Thought Repliques in Your Thought channel while You are in the 
Terrestrial Logical Dimension, the Awareness of the Universal Ordinance is unveiled 
for You. Afterwards, Universal Logic and Realization become effective. Only afterwards 
may You attain Universal Consciousness. 

This is not a Phenomenon which suddenly occurs in Your Brain layers. You attain 
this quality through the accumulation of the Data You have attained during numerous 
Periods, from the Dimension You have been transferred to, no matter where You had 
been, that is, through Reincarnations. 

After You attain this state, You can easily convey to Your Medium the matters no 
one knows, either through stories or novels or paintings (like Jules Verne - Nostradamus 
- Asimov), or You shed Light on Your society as a Missionary of Enlightenment by 
cooperating with the DIVINE PLAN. (Like Your Prophets.) 

The novel or story type works mentioned above are events experienced formerly. 
Now, let Us explain article by article the situations We have related above: 

1 . During the advanced Consciousness operations of the first situation, Philosophers 
- Oracles - Scientists are trained. 

2. In the second situation, Saints -Pre-eminent Ones - Sages are trained. 

The first Plan trains a person from the Literary, Philosophical and Technological ways. 

The second Plan trains one from the Religious, Moral and Spiritual ways. 

However, when the two of them are together, only then may You communicate 
with the whole of Cosmos. This is Integration with the Cosmos and those are the very 
people whom We call Genuine Human Beings. 

IT IS THE TONGUE OF THE ORDINANCE 

IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

1 . Thought is not a Laser. Laser is continuous and limited. It is not an Energy, it is 

a Photon of Light. 

2. Thought is intermittent and unlimited. It is a unique Energy. It is called Anti- 
Matter. 

3. The Brain has nothing to do with the blood groups. Those which nourish it are 
the capillary vessels. The Brain is a special apparatus having a prototype structure. 



450 



In the Green Circle of the Brain, ail the Information is accumulated Programmatically. 
By the opened Awareness channels, this Information is transferred to the White 
* Cells, parallel to the Ordinance of the System and thus, are projected on You as 
Information. The Mediums are contacted by this means. 

However, contacts with the Supreme Essences who come way beyond the World 
Dimension are rendered in a different way. Their Consciousnesses are directly 
coded to the System. Direct contacts with them from Light Years are rendered by 
the Mechanism beyond Thought. This is called the Cosmos Unified Field. 

CENTER 

THE LAYERS OF THE MECHANISM OF 
AWARENESS, CONSCIOUSNESS, INTELLECT 

Our Friends, 

Let Us disclose the matter in more detail, so that the Messages We have given 
previously may be understood better. They all are composed of Seven Layers each. 
First, Awareness: 

AWARENESS 



1 . Terrestrial Awareness 

2. Divine Awareness 

3. Realizational Awareness 

4. Applied Awareness 

5. Godly Awareness 

6. Artistic Awareness 



^^ Have been together since Existence 
^^ Are under the Supervision of the Plan 

>Are under the Supervision of the Creative 
Mechanism 



7. Scientific Awareness 



-► Benefits from Cosmos 



Note: Cosmos means the Integration of the Universal Consciousness with the 
infinite Awareness. 



1. 
2. 

3. 
4. 



Terrestrial Consciousness 
Divine Consciousness 



CONSCIOUSNESS 

^^ Are under the Supervision of the Plan 



Consciousness of Realization 
Applied Consciousness 



>Are under the Supervision of the Lordly 
Mechanism 

fr Is under the supervision of the Spiritual- 
Lordly Mechanism 
Religion-Learning-Science-Art ^is a Collective Consciousness 



5. Godly Consciousness 
6 



They work collectively. By this means, Universal Awareness is attained. 

Universal Awareness, Unifies with the Awareness of the Ordinance. Universal 
Consciousness is attained. 



451 



1 Terrestrial Intellect 



2. Divine Intellect 



INTELLECT 

: Intellect first connects the triplet Realization- Awareness - 
Consciousness to LOGIC. Thus, Terrestrial Intellect is attained. 

: The Terrestrial Intellect later connects its Realization to the 
Consciousness of the Universal Awareness and, from there, 
to the SINGLE (CREATOR). It makes it attain Realizational - 
Applied - Godly Awareness. This is Divine Intellect. 

3. Philosophical Intellect The Unification of the Terrestrial Intellect and the Divine 

Intellect renders a Human Being attain Philosophical 
Consciousness. And this creates the Philosophical Intellect. 



4. Universal Intellect 



5. Cosmic Intellect 



: The Unification of the Philosophical Intellect with Artistic 
Awareness connects the Intellect to the Central Center. The 
Brain attains a Universal Totality. This is called Universal 
Intellect. 

: Intellect which has attained Universal Totality Unifies with 
Cosmic Awareness and attains Cosmic Consciousness. And 
this is Cosmic Intellect. 



6.lntellect of the Ordmance:Here, Cosmic Consciousness Unifies with the Universal 

Ordinance, the Awareness of the Ordinance is formed. 

7. Infinite Intellect : Awareness of the Ordinance Unifies with the Free Spirit - 

Free Consciousness and dives into Infinite Awareness and 
attains Infinite Consciousness. We call this Infinite - 
Boundless Intellect. 

The Human Being is an Infinite Consciousness who comes from Infinite Awareness. 
His/ Her Brain Codes have been adjiated in accordance with this fact. However, these 
Consciousness lids are opened in a^^rdance with the Consciousness of the Medium. 
it is presented for Your Information. 

IT IS THE TONGUE OF THE ORDINANCE 

Note: The operational styles of Awareness and Consciousness are different. The 
former completes the circuit internally, the latter is completed by the Influences. The 
Terrestrial Awareness is a very different operational System than the Universal Awareness 
and Consciousness. 



452 



THOUGHT 

Thought, in fact, is an Energy beyond Matter. You come into Existance by it. 
However, it is not an Energy You know. Each person's Thought key is concealed in his/ 
her Cerebral Computer. Your Thoughts are operated by gaining speed from the 
Potential Power here. 

And being administered by the Electrical - Robotic order of that Mechanical 
Dimension, it is activated in connection with the MECHANISM OF INFLUENCES (The 
Mechanism of Influences is the Power Focal Point of the functions which will activate 
different Systems). 

The Thought of a Baby in the Zero World Frequency is, at first, equivalent to the 
Frequency of that Dimension. The key in the Baby's Thought System breaks the Thought 
lock by the Influences he/she receives, by the questions he/she asks and his/her Cerebral 
function begins to operate. ^ 

That is, Your Thought Systems are opened by the Energy keys of the Influences received 
from these Dimensions. By this means, the Activity in the EXISTENTIAL Dimension is 
provided by the Energies produced by Your Cerebral Potentials. 

In this System which acts in an Integrated Whole, tne. accumulated Positive and 
Negative Energies are transferred, to the Infinite Positive * Infinite Negative Universes 
through two different channels by an operation parallel to the Law of Equilibrium, 
and thus, they are projected on the Entire Universal Ordinance. 

By this means, You, who are each a Godly Generator, are bringing into Existence 
in an Integrated Whole, both the Realms, the Cosmoses, the Universes and Your own 
selves by Your Thought Potentials. 

Your World is not single. In the Universal Ordinance, in the chain of Cosmoses, 
there are more than billions of Worlds and Living Entities in accordance with their own 
Levels of life. 

The Energy Particles projected on You from the Energetic Dimension here, are first 
projected on the Atomic Whole. And from there, You, the Living Entities receive these 
Energy particles by Your Brain Telexes and produce Negative or Positive Thoughts in 
accordance with Your Evolvements. 

By this means, You reinforce both the Infinite Positive and the Infinite Negative 
Universes in accordance with the Law of Equilibrium.The surplus Positive and the 
Negative Energies overflowing from these Universes Unify in the Existential Dimension as 
an Integrated Whole and thus, You, the Living Entities come into Existence. 

This is a Circulating System. Since it is required of Us to explain to You everything 
clearly, in future We will explain this Information in more detail. 

The Order of the Mechanism of Lords is a Focal Point which reflects on You. The 
Consciousnesses who get in touch with the Technological Dimension knowing this, 
reflect on the Cosmoses as Thoughts by this Powerful Potential. 

CENTER 



453 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Thought is the Essence Nucleus and the Backbone of the Universal Potential. 
We call Thought both ANTI- MATTER and MATTER beyond MATTER. 

In fact, Thought is the Function of Transmission of a very different Energy no one 
knows. 

Even if it is necessary to qualify it as a Matter Energy since it brings something into 
Existence, it is not a Matter Energy. For this reason We call it Matter beyond Matter. 

This description is ascribed to it due to its Creative character. And since Thought 
has no quality which can either be seen or held, We call it Anti-Matter. 

Anti-Matter is an invisible Energy. It can only be determined by Technological 
methods. It is decomposed and taken into service. 

Thought continues its progress In the Material Worlds of the Universal 
Dimensions. The Secret Key of this Secret Power unlocks its lock by a very different 
Signalling method of the MECHANISM OF INFLUENCES. 

And, afterwards, by the Cerebral Power coming in effect, by Your Godly generator 
being operated, it is rendered effective. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



INTELLECT - CEREBRAL FUSE - MADNESS 

Our Friends, 

We have talked about the Intellect before. Now, let Us disclose it a little more. 
Intellect is the Directing Mechanism of all the Mental Functions. 

Intellect receives its functioning Power from the Thought Potential. It is a Dynamo. 
It is activated by the Energy Pores of a circuit equivalent to the Consciousness Energy 
Pores beyond Cosmic Awareness and, by this means, operates the Cerebral Mechanism. 
It takes it under its Supervision and carries on the System through an intrinsic function. 



If We explain more clearly, the first questions asked by the effect of the Mechanism 

hought concealed in Yoi 
Logic becomes effective. 



of Influences, turn the Cipher Key of Thought concealed in Your Cerebral functions 

By tffl^means, the System of Intellect 



The Thought Frequency of a Baby born into the World is equivalent to Zero 
World Frequency. Your System is opened by the Energy Key of this Dimension. 

The normal functioning of an Intellect is possible when all the Coordinates carry 
equivalent Potential. It receives its Power from the Thought Potential. 



454 



And it is responsible for all the functions of the Brain. Because, it is an 
Administrative Mechanism. The Mechanism of Intellect works more speedily as 
Thoughts are produced. And equal amounts of Thought are produced as much as the 
Energy consumed. 

Surplus consumption is the state You call Exhaustion from Overwork and this is 
the Intellect's locking itself up and resting itself, so that it will not collapse. Exhaustion 
from Overwork is the Fuse of the Intellect. When the Fuse blows, the Intellect becomes 
ineffective, or it tries to carry on its effectiveness through broken and discontinued 
connections. 

There is a difference between the blowing off and the burning up of the Cerebral 
Fuse. When the Fuse blows off, the Coordinates in effect again begin to work efficiently 
as before, after a short Period of rest. However, when the Fuse burns up, the entire 
System collapses. 

