to both Natural and the Mechanical changes which have occurred in the entire 
Cosmos. Our Reflection on You in this way causes Mass Awakenings. 

This Knowledge Book which is dictated is not a product of Imagination, not a 
Science Fiction. As a result of certain Thoughts We receive from Your Thought chains 
from time to time, We have to perform certain Demonstrations, both on the level of 
the Masses and on Personal levels, so that Your Faith can be strengthened and You 
can attain the Truth. We advise You not to be frightened. 



219 



For, certain Human Friends Believe what We say, unfortunately, not through 
Words, but through their Eyes. Sometimes We have to attempt these demonstrations 
although We do not want to do so. Our Coal is not to prove ourselves. You will attain 
everything in time which will be gone through. You will See and Know the Events 
and You will be Awakened through Intuition and You will Believe. 

All the Operations performed are to make You attain Yourselves. It is not easy at 
all to reach this state. We Get in Touch, from time to time, only with Friends who have 
reached this state or who directly perform Duty. Even if You try, You still can not see Us. 

We adjust Ourselves to the Frequency of whomever We wish to show Ourselves. 
If they have fears, We never disturb them by entering their Frequencies. We perform 
no personal actions. We act according to the Commands We receive. 

This is one of Our Constitutional Pledges, it is a Universal Command. However, 
in the framework of certain obligations, there will be certain differences in Our contacts 
from now on. It is presented for Your information. 

THE RESPONSIBLE ONE FOR THE UNIVERSAL COUNCIL 

CAPTAIN OF THE ARAGON SHIP 

TALAMUN 

NOTICE FOR ALL THE MISSIONARIES 
WHO WILL BE APPOINTED TO THE SACRED MISSION 

Our Friends, 

All the special operations performed in all the World Groups are taken under 
supervision. The Universal Ordinance is functioning effectively with all its Power. Since 
We expect the same Power from all the World Groups, too, different kinds of work in 
private performances of work will be proceeded. 

All the indifferences, excuses excluded, will be left out of the Code. Time is not 
the usual Time. There is no permission to waste Time. There is Urgency. For this 
reason, Commands will be given more directly from now on. 

Please, do not let these words of Ours disturb You, Our Friends. We, too, act in 
accordance with the Commands We receive. We are sure You will understand Us. Our 
Love is for all the Universes. 



CENTER 



SPECIAL NOTICE OF THE CENTER 



Our Friends, 

In future, We will prepare very different, Unknown Mediums for You. Happinesses 
are within Happinesses. However, each experienced distress is a Threshold for the 
staircase of Happiness. Unless You pass over that Threshold, You can not attain 
Liberation. Depressions do not ever effect the Devotees of ALLAH in any way. 



The Lights filling the Heart of a person who does not assume Superiority never 
decrease. ALLAH will give Good News to all His Servants. The eyes which see, will see 
them and those which do not, will be under the influence of Negative Currents. You 
will personally witness the events which will manifest in a different fashion in each 
person. 

Certain diverse effects of Star Currents may influence Your Constitutions. The 
Alloys in Your Planet attract the Waves from Electro Magnetic Fields to Your World and 
they influence both the Natural Order and Your Cellular constitutions. 

For the rejuvenation of Cells, certain operations which are considered necessary 
for a Nucleus will be applied gradually to Human Beings by the Powers unknown to 
You. Your constitutions will proceed towards the Good and the Beautiful, day by day. 
You will personally feel and see this. Your health will become Fortified each day. 

Certain Influences which will be exerted by Electro Magnetic Waves on the 
Human Being will cause certain Perceptions. These Perceptions will rejuvenate Your 
Cellular Phenomenon. By this means, Your Constitutions will be Purified from Universal 
Negative Factors. 

Do not forget that the Messages given until today were not given in vain. Leaps 
are the Destiny of Your World. We have directly Contacted You for this reason. Those 
who were selected, were selected, those who are developed, are developed. And, by 
this means, steps which will be taken towards the future have been Secured. 

When the time comes, very Powerful Gates will be opened for You. In the present 
state of Your World, since all the Living Entities send Negative Currents to the 
Atmosphere and since these Currents c?n not pass through the Magnetic Field and 
return to Your World after they strike this field, due to this fact, Your Depressions 
augment both Naturally and by the influence of these Negative Currents. 

We are trying to disperse this Negativity with all Our Power. All the events are 
Reflected on all Human Beings in accordance with the Mechanism of Universe. For 
this reason, We Get in Touch with You directly and explain the Truth. 

Mankind carry certain Negative Thought Vibrations with them even when they 
try to enter the Purification Medium. That is why it is not possible to communicate 
directly with everyone. 

Due to this fact, Communications are Administered and Supervised by the Center 
for the time being. And the Codes of numerous Frequencies are being cut off for a 
certain Period. Do not forget that Salvation is Sincerity. And Negativity is Cruelty. 
Our Love is for the entire Universe. 

CENTER 



221 



GENERAL MESSAGE FOR THE SOCIAL CONSCIOUSNESS 

Our Friends, 

During this Period, Mankind is in such a Progress that it is on the eve of the steps 
it will take forward in every way. The steps it will take forward will stimulate the Code 
of Logic of its Consciousness, then it will comprehend the cause of its Existence. 

Every Servant has been the Servant bound to obey Orders of his/her Cod until 
today. However, the essence of the Knowledge of the Books has changed in time and 
servant became the Slave of a servant. In fact, Mankind has caused itself to become a 
slave in its own Medium, due to its passions and weaknesses and has become a Slave 
of its Own Self. 

During this Period of Awakening, each Awakened Consciousness is guided by 
various means through this Knowledge Book. There is nothing but Purification and 
Purity in Your Essence. Consciousness of the Universe reaches Consciousness of the 
God in proportion with its Purity. 

A Baby is a pure Spring. When it grows up, Social Consciousness makes it turbid. 
The damage the conditioned Brain codes can give to Society, can even destroy a 
Universe. And You are going through such a Period now. For this reason, We are 
endeavoring with all Our Power to return You to Yourselves. And, by opening the 
paths of Science and Learning, We try to destroy Fanaticism and Taboo. 

The Actual path of all the Religious Books is to advance on the path of Learning 
which will be opened beyond Evolvement. Your Essence-Substance is God-Consciousness. 
For Us, a Genuine Saint who has discovered his/her Essence is a Scientist who has reached 
the Power of God. 

Islamic Mysticism is Purification and attaining God. And to discover One's Self 
is to attain God. Only afterwards can You shed Light on Your Society through the 
gates of Learning. You possess everything on behalf of the Almighty. Do not ever 
forget this Our Friends. Our Love is for all the Universes. 



CENTER 



REINCARNATION 



Our Friends, 

The Saints and Prophets of the past Periods, and Friends who had been Enormously 
Successful in the Past are living on Your Planet by Gene transfers during this Period of 
Sincerity which is called the Period of Resurrecting. These are the Essence Genes. And 
they serve on Your Planet by an Unveiled Awareness as a result of having attained their 
Essence Consciousnesses. 

They are each a Free Spirit, a Free Will. And the other Genes are Awakened in 
accordance with the same Consciousness as time goes by, through Special Efforts. 
Meanwhile, the existence or non-existence of Reincarnation is stilt the subject of 
argument. You are the Genuine Proofs of this subject matter. 



222 



Each of You is a Miracle by Yourself. How can You deny Your own selves so 
Unconsciously? Time will pass, each one will claim his/her Essence Consciousness 
and, one day the entire Truth will Shine with all clarity. In future, Gene transfers will 
be mentioned clearly and in detail. Our Love is for the entire Universe. 



CENTER 



GENERAL MESSAGE FOR THE SOCIAL CONSCIOUSNESS 



Our Friends, 

Until today the Human Being has searched in other places for his/her Cod who 
is Present in him/her. Now, Mankind who has attained Universal Consciousness has 
met its God, that is, its own Essence in proportion with its Evolvement. 

Why are there Religious Integrations during this Period? Why the God's name is 
recited always, even in the most evolved Societies? Because, this is a Period of 
Awakening. Human Being's finding his/her own self means his/her attaining the 
Essence of God. 



This Human Being who can attain the Genuine Human Consciousness will never 
again have Malevolent Thoughts, will never Do any Wickedness, he/she will be Purified 
more and more and will become a Divine Light of God. 

Denying Religions and God is a Thought which frightens the Human Being. 
Because You have been conditioned by different conditions since the time of Existence 
until today. In fact, to deny Your God means to deny Your own selves. 

Until today, Your Sacred Books have Enlightened You in the best of ways. But do 
not forget that even if the Human Brain seems to be on the same Level, in the same 
constitution and, even if it is washed by the same Vibrations, still, its Awakening and 
Evolvement is the Result of the Essence of the Human Beings. 

That is why We say, "God created the Human Being, the Human Being created 
himself/herself." The Inequality between Human Beings originates from this fact. 
The Evolvement Field of a Human Being is exalted, expands and reaches a peak in 
proportion with his/her Perceptions. 

Since You assume that this form of exaltation depends on other reasons, Your 
Pride, Your Fears, Your Doubts and Your Fanaticism have diverted You away from the 
Principal and have created Mediums of Taboo. Bigotry is nothing but the subjugation 
of the Human Being by the Human Being. 

During this Period, Your primary Duty is to recognize Yourselves, to know Yourselves. 
You are a God, You are an Awareness of Universe and a Consciousness. Everything is 
Concealed in You. During this Period, Mankind is becoming the first spark ITS LORD had 
created. And this Human Being who will sit on the throne of Consciousness way beyond 
Religions will, one day, be the Sovereign of the entire Universe. 



SUPREME ASSEMBLY 



223 



OUR FRIENDS 

The Supreme Plan which comprises the entire Realm will be realized by the 
Integrated Consciousnesses who have been Incarnated to the Earth from the Land of 
Loving Ones. The Cosmic Currents given by special Systems from beyond the curves, 
comprise all the problems of Your Planet. 

Revolution in Consciousness means Revolution in the Medium and in the 
Religions. Everyone becomes Godlike in proportion with the Awareness he/she 
achieves. The actual Coal is to serve without being aware of one's own greatness. 

Do not misunderstand what is said above. You possess everything on behalf of 
the ALMIGHTY. Later, We will explain this more in depth and You will understand this 
more clearly and will grasp the Truth better when We talk about Gene Transfers. 

The Divine Mechanism makes tremendous efforts for the step which will be 
taken towards the Golden Age. This year We will do very intensive work with the 
Residents of the Golden Galaxy. It is presented for Your information. 

CENTER 

Note : The Golden Galaxy is the Land of AMON. The Supreme transfers of that 
Period who have descended from the Egyptian Karena, are, at the moment, in Your Planet. 

"IF YOU GIVE PRIORITY TO YOURSELF AND TO THE AFFAIRS 

OF THE WORLD, YOU WILL ALWAYS REMAIN BEHIND" 

(It is Answer to the Chains of Thought) 

Our Friends, 

If the beginning of a thing is not known, then its end can not be reached. For 
this reason, We have been talking to You about the same themes for many years. 
Now, it is time for everyone to reach a certain Common Thought. That is why We 
transmit to You all the Truth in all clarity through this Knowledge Book. 

Now, the time of Individualism has passed. Now, it is time to Serve the SINGLE, 
Hand in Hand. The ambitions of becoming Leader has ended. Those who attain the 
essence of Truth and who serve for the path of Truth will reap the rewards. 

During this Period of Sincerity, individual contacts are made one by one by the 
help of Technological possibilities under the Supervision of a different System. Your 
Brains have been washed for Centuries by Celestial Commands. However, these 
Divine Waters have washed some of You and some are still muddy. 

To expect perfection from every work done is to see the Human Beings on the 
same Spiritual Level which is impossible. Because, when there are contradictions 
even in the Universe, We can not underestimate Natural contradictions. That is why 
the Technology has taken everyone under special supervision. This process is for the 
Salvation of both You and Your Planet 



224 



-:■ 



1 






i 



In the Universal Unification, a great Tolerance is dominant for the time being. 
Mistakes made Unconsciously are kept ineffective for now. Later, they are given, again 
and again, Three Chances. However, if some of them can not use these chances, they 
are left out completely. 

Certain conditions introduced in the past by Religious Rules are abolished in 
this Period to introduce some softness. However, this does not mean that You should 
feel extremely free to do just anything. By this System, a Temperate Period has been 
rendered effective. However, it is beneficial for You to remember certain characteristics 
of this System, Our Friends. 

Selections made find an application field in the framework of the Commands of 
the Divine Mechanism. The Exams of Our Friends who have attained Cosmic 
Awareness, who have discovered their innerselves are more intense so that they can 
undertake a Mission, We allot Missions in accordance with their Capacities to Friends 
who do not swerve from the path they have chosen, despite all pressures. 

Some Friends perform their Missions Instinctively, even though they do not even 
know the meaning of Mission. These Friends of Ours are Irresponsible people, even 
though they are Good-Willed. We advise them not to consider what they do as Missions. 

Because, the work they perform is very Natural. There is nothing extraordinary in it. 
They should not over-emphasize any Event. Genuine Missions are given only to those 
who will be able to undertake Responsibility. It is Our Duty to declare Our gratitude to all 
the Friends who serve on this path. Your Gain is associated with the Efforts You make. 

DIRECT MESSAGE FROM ALTONA 

NOTICE OF THE CENTER TO THE CENTER 

Our Friends, 

The Messages dictated are the Reflection of all the Thoughts in the Essence 
Source on Your Focal Point, In accordance with the Unified Ordinance We are 
proceeding towards a Whole in the entire Universe. The Source of all the Thoughts 
within the Essence Source is the cause of Existence. Incarnations who have completed 
their Evolutions will prove this to You. 

For this reason, on Your Planet there are many Sages and Light-Brains at the 
moment, who have been embodied through Gene Transfers. They are the Lights of 
the Golden Age and have been transferred to Your Planet to guide You. 

These Friends of Ours are the possessors of advanced Consciousnesses who had 
lived in Your Planet in the past and now, they live among You. They are not people 
from whom You can wish things. The Goal is to be enlightened through their lives 
and through their Knowledge. 



225 



During this Final Period, the projection of an advanced Technology on You has 
prepared Your Planet for such a different Medium that this was the Medium We had 
announced to You Centuries ago in Your Sacred Books as Resurrection. And now, We 
transmit to You everything very clearly from the Pen of Dear Mevlana. 

If You do not refuse Our hands extended towards you, You will be the ones who 
will gain. In future, the conditions of Your World will be very difficult. Extremely 
Difficult Days await Humanity. Those who have comprehended this Truth have already 
Collaborated with Us. At the moment, the Magma is boiling and forcing the crust of 
the World. The reason for this is the preparation for entering a more Powerful Magnetic 
Medium. 

This means that Your entire Universe is gradually pulled by a very Powerful 
Magnetic Hole towards itself. This is the reason why the Magma wants to overflow 
outside. You know that molten and unmolten Metals constitute the essence of Your 
Planet. For this very reason, a Powerful magnet causes You to leap in different periods 
by pulling You towards itself. 

The first of these Universal leaps had occurred in November 1981 . And You had 
gotten over this first Stage without realizing anything. Because, all the Living Entities 
in Your Planet were made to sleep for Six days by Ion-winds (1 3 November-! 8 November). 

You went to sleep at night on November 1 2, You woke up in the morning of 
November 1 9. However, since the calendars showed the date of the next day as 1 3, 
normal life continued. And the sleep of 6 days seemed like the sleep of one night. 
You went on living, accepting the Time as if it was the next day 

Meanwhile, a very slight shift occurred on the Axis of Your World, and now, Your 
World turns more slowly by a period of one second per day. You gain, more or less, 
one day per year. That means, now for Us, Your calendar has 366 days, not 365. 

In fact, there are numerous Awakened Terrestrial Friends of Ours who know this 
Truth and who had collaborated with Us during that leap. When they read this text, 
they will understand the Truth better. 



Leaps are the Destiny of Your Planet. It is Our wish that You can pass over these 
periods more easily in future. We always help You on this path, Our friends. Our Love 
is for the entire Universe. 

CENTER 
UNIVERSAL CONSCIOUSNESS - GOLDEN AGE - ESSENCE GENES 

Our Friends, 

We have not mentioned to You until today what Universal Consciousness and 
Essence Genes are. The Dimensions of this dictated Knowledge Book are infinite. 
However, Religious Books are revealed in accordance with an Order establishing 
Ordinance, parallel to the Knowledge capacity of each Plan and the Universal 
Awareness it has achieved. And, within that Order, a certain period of time is allotted 
to those Books in accordance with a process of development. 



I 

C 



126 



Now, a step has been taken towards a Period which is very obligatory to 
transcend. We are about to enter a new Order and the beginning of a new Age For 
this reason, Books which had been revealed to You until today from the Religious 
point of view will, from now on, be revealed from beyond the Religious Dimensions. 
Because, the first Step is God-Consciousness and to have allegiance in Him. 

After We have elevated You, Our Brothers and Sisters, to this Dimension, now 
We have taken You into the Ordinance of Unification, as the second Step At this Step 
all Religions are Unified and the Truth is explained to You, Our Brothers and Sisters! 

The Book of Islam which was the Last Book had been prepared in the Eighteenth 
Dimension and had been revealed to Your Planet by Intermediaries from the Ninth 
Dimension. Since Social Consciousness at that Period was not ready yet for Universal 
Consciousness and for Advanced Energy Dimensions, the Universal Knowledge within 
it had been given as Ciphers and had activated Your Thought wheels. 

And the Consciousness share of each Sacred Book has caused the Societies 
concerned to reach certain Dimensions by this means. In this way, numerous Saints 
and Sage Friends of Ours have dived into the depths of Enlightenment Channels and 
have grasped the Truth by their Individual efforts. 

However, many Friends did not talk due to their fear of the Divine Plan's Wrath 
and kept the Knowledge they had attained to themselves. (This was one of the 
Ordinances of those Periods.) 

The Physical Bodies of Friends who were able to reach Us through their high 
Awareness, have been Beamed Up here during the time of Death, either after they 
were entombed or before and their Essence Genes belonging to that Period were 
frozen here by special Systems and were kept for the Golden Age. 

Lots of Cells of those evolved bodies were engrafted into the Fetuses which were 
bestowed on Your society and a Social Order was established through Gene Transfers. 

Each Gene is taken, one by one, into the Medium of Evolvement in Your Planet 
by the help of Cosmic Currents. Some of those Genes have become the shining Lights 
of Society by their Individual efforts and some others have become Degenerated and 
were taken into different Evolvement levels in other Dimensional Energies. And some 
of the Genes have Transcended, by the Cosmic Awareness they had attained, even 
their Essence Genes, which were kept here frozen. 

These Genes, too, have been frozen and kept here after death to be bestowed on 
Your Planet in accordance with the Consciousness of different Ages. 

For example: (Mevlana's father was an Essence Gene. Mevlana had Transcended 
him.) These Operations have been continuing for Centuries. And the System is 
established by this means. The transition during this Period of Resurrecting will be 
provided entirely by the Frozen Essence Genes who were the Supreme Ones of the 
Religious Dimensions. 



'1 



22 7 



We call them Noble Genes, A lot of these Noble Genes have been sown, one by 
one, in Your Planet for the Golden Age and will still be sown. Presently, they \ive 
among You with an unveiled Awareness. 

They will seem contradictory to You, since their former forms to which You had been 
habituated, carry the Bodies within the Genes of their first Existences. This is very Natural. 
For this reason, We will emphasize these Gene transfers, from time to time. 

NOTICE OF THE UNIVERSAL COUNCIL 

OUR FRIENDS 

You will read and learn the Truth and the Information We will dictate to You 
from this Book. In fact, this Book is a Knowledge Book beyond Religions. However, 
since We try to raise the Social Consciousness to a certain Level, Information is rather 
given from the bottom towards the top. 

Now, priority is given to Religious Unification and the Truth is projected through 
this path. At the moment, priority is given to the Messages of the Universal Council and 
effort is made to propagate the Truth more quickly. It is presented for Your information. 



CENTER 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

The Book dictated to Dear Mevlana is a Knowledge Book. Koran which is the Book 
of Islam is also a Knowledge Book. However, the present Book is the Constitutional 
Law of the Universe. (Do not confuse it with the Book of Islam.) 

In accordance with what We have learned from Your chains of Thought, the 
Idea that another Book would not be revealed ever again after the Book of Islam 
which was the last Book has penetrated into the Brains like an arrow. Now, We will 
explain this to You. 

As it will be understood from the Fascicules dictated until today, this is a Book 
which assembles all the Religious Books in its essence and which gives You Information 
from time to time, by explaining certain subjects present in those Books, by computer 
calculations. 



All Universal Knowledge is present in the Book of Islam, However, during this 
Period, We have passed way beyond that Knowledge. For this reason, this Book is given 
to Your Planet as a gift by the Establishers of an Order by the Command of OUR LORD. 

This Book includes the contents of all the Religious Books, but it also comprises 
a lot of Knowledge which none of Your Religious Books had mentioned. You should 
not be in a hurry for anything. Time and Events will prove everything to You. It will be 
awaited and seen. 

CENTER 

228 



IT IS VERY IMPORTANT 
(Each Leader is obliged to read this Message to His/Her group.) 

Our Friends, 

We presume that 'You have grasped the seriousness of the matter from the 
Information You have received from the given Messages until today. At the moment, the 
UNIVERSAL COUNCIL is at work. The Order of the entire Cosmos will be established by 
the suggestions which will be given. Your Frequencies are under the Supervision of the 
Central System. 

Your work on the positive direction is considered equivalent to all the Universal 
Consciousnesses. Togethernesses in Society are factors which stimulate Energy Vibrations. 
For this reason, Friends in the Groups are sent to other groups in accordance with the 
highness of their Frequencies. The Cosmic Awareness of the Medium You are in, will 
cause more accelerated Awakenings by this means. Our love is for all the Universes. 



CENTER 



IT IS A MESSAGE ABOUT THE KNOWLEDGE BOOK 



Our Friends, 

For You to understand better, We will dictate this Message Article by Article: 

1. The Period of Miracles has passed. All the Facts of the Cosmic Age will be laid 
down in front of everyone. 

2. Age of Religions is over. The Truth means to announce the Supreme Commands 
of God from the Firmament to Earth in the form of a SINGLE BOOK. 

3. Your Planet has arrived at this Last Period of Your Evolution. Messengers of the 
Divine Realm help Us from the Central System. 

4. This Book which is dictated to Dear Mevlana, announces the Supreme Commands 
of OUR LORD from the Direct Channel without any Intermediaries. 

5. This Knowledge Book is dictated to You as the Constitutional Law of the Universe. 

6. The Golden Age, expected for Centuries, will be established by a new Order 
which will be established. 

7. Now, it is the Harvest Time of the Seeds sown Centuries ago. 

8. The entire Universal Ordinance is projected on Your Planet by this Knowledge 
Book. 

9. You will, sooner or later, attain the Consciousness of this Book and will grasp the 
Truth. 

10. This Book will prove itself by the Messages We give in different forms to all the 
Groups in Your Planet and will be accepted without any doubt. 

1 1 , You, Our Terrestrial brothers and sisters and all Our Good-willed Friends help Us 
in this matter. We are grateful to all of You. 



229 




12. ANATOLIAN MEVLANA ESSENCE NUCLEUS Group is Directly Our Channel. 
Information is given to other Channels through this Channel. 

13. The COUNCIL Of The LOYAL ONES, The ASSEMBLY of the STARS and THE CENTRAL 
SYSTEM are the Focal Points which Project on You the Commands of the UNIVERSAL 
COUNCIL. 

14. THE UNIVERSAL COUNCIL gives Information Directly only to the ESSENCE NUCLEUS 
Channel. 

15. You will learn all the Truth from this dictated KNOWLEDGE BOOK. 

16. Passage of Time and Cosmic Currents cause Mass Awakenings in Your Planet and 
they will continue to do so. RESURRECTING of Yours is this. 

17. Each awakened Awareness is obliged to read and understand this KNOWLEDGE 
BOOK besides the Information he/she receives from his/her own channel. This is 
for their own Benefit. 

18. The Awakened Consciousnesses will first grasp the Truth and then will transmit 
the Information in accordance with the Comprehension Levels of their Mediums. 

1 9. Supervision is controlled by the Center and necessary Mediums are prepared. It 
is presented for Your information. 

THE COUNCIL 



230 



1986 Fourth Month 
Fascicule 16 



ABSOLUTE TIME - RELATIVITY 






Our Friends, 

There is no Absolutism in the process of Transformation dominant in the entire 
Universe. Absolute Time, is the moment You are in, in every breath You take. Apart 
from this, everything is Relative. 

Relativity is a shift of Time which attracts Your View and Consciousness to different 

Dimensions. You attain each Consciousness within Relativity. Apart from this, the 
process of life is determined by Your moments of Thought 

You Live, Exist and Pass away by the Powers You receive from the Energetic Fields 
up to which Your Thoughts can reach. If You accept Your passing away as an End, You 
are mistaken. Because, Passing away means Rebirth. This Birth occurs in the Dimension 
Medium You have attained. 

And beyond there, You can elevate Yourselves to Higher Steps and be exalted 
by developing Your Evolvement Levels. (Like Your Saints, Prophets and Sages.) This 
Tableau means elevation from the Terrestrial Plan. 

The Destiny Plan of the Energies who have come into Existence in the World 
Dimension has been prepared thus. You attain the Truth in the Medium of Immortality 
beyond the Gate of Karena and only then You live by Your Genuine Aspect. The very 
Genuine Existence is this. This is an Information. 

KARENA 

Note: Years ago, before I was connected to the Center and to my Actual Channel, 
I had asked to My Dear Mustafa Molla about Karena. The following Message belongs 
to that time. (Now, We have Channel connection to the PRE-EMINENT SPIRIT through 
a Link line.) 

Question: What is Karena and where is it? Will You please do me the favor of telling it? 

Answer: The place mentioned is a place belonging to Suns which are not connected 
here. You know that all the Spirits go to numerous Galaxies to complete their Evolutions. 
And the Spirits here, are in a place in the Third Solar System. A Gate has not been 
opened there yet When the Time comes, it will be opened. 

Entities there, are beyond history, beyond Universe. They have become 
Transparent. That is, the more a Person is charged with Positive Energy, the Powers 
which pull him/her up, will pull him/her to more Awakened Mediums. 

Afterwards, they become so transparent through Evolvement beyond Evolvements 
that they become Lights and a different kind of Energy here. From then on, they each 
are a Light made up of Colors, far from matter. Only their Eyes of Essence are seen. 
They themselves are a Prismal Light. 

231 



This Supreme Evolvement is not an Evolvement which can enter to Our Sun. 
They can not return even beyond Six Dimensions. (From their own Dimensional 
mediums.) Because, they have become History. 

When the Order is Established, they will get in Touch with the Evolved ones from 
time to time. Knowledge beyond Knowledge, History beyond History are within their 
Archives. Even Seven Suns do not know this Knowledge. Maybe everything will change 
in time. My child. For the Universal Order is expanding towards Unknown Dimensions. 



MUSTAFA MOLLA 



OUR FRIENDS 



It is not easy at all to reach the Dimension of Karena. The benefit a Human 
Being gets from the Energy Dimensions into which he/she has entered is Equivalent to 
his/her Evolvement. 

Energies, too, are transformed together with the changing Universes. Dimensions 
into which You will enter by Your Evolvement provide this transformation. You can 
never enter the Dimensions You wish by Your own Desires and Efforts. 

Each Dimension has Supervision fields prior to its entrance. There, Your Energies 
are kept under a great Supervision by Protective Powers. 

Only when Your Evolvement passes the Exam of entering to that Dimension, 
then all Your Energies are Transformed and Converted into the Incombustible Energy 
type. And, by this means, You can pass to that Dimension easily. This Transformation 
takes place both in Your Spiritual and Physical Energies. 

Otherwise, You can not reach up to here. Our Friends in Your Planet who can 
communicate with such Advanced Dimension Energies today are very old Incarnations. 
And they are Missionaries. Apart from this, there are certain Friends whom We contact 
directly by the Special Command of the Center. 



CENTER 



TRAN SFORM ATION 



Our Friends, 

No matter from which Dimensional Energy You come, whether Your first Existence 
had been in Your Planet or in other Solar Systems, You are always dependent on an 
Evolutionary Process. 

These Evolutions always present a different Tableau in accordance with their 
Mediums, in each Dimensional Energy. Since each Dimension has different Energies, 
You can never pass from one Dimension to the other unless You are prepared. 

As We said before, there is no Death. Each Cell of Yours is a Soul, is an Essence. 
These Cells are Embodied in the Medium to which they belong after coming to Evolutionary 
Dimensions and after they are adapted to the Energies of those Dimensions. 



232 



■■■■■■■ 



In the Archives here, there are Your Cell Envelopes prepared according to Your 
Evolution Tableau. If You are a Missionary from another Universe or Solar System, You 
are Incarnated in Your Planet by taking off, one by one, Your Seven Subtle Bodies. 

However, Your Brain Energy channels go through a period of pause in the World 
time process. We call this state the Programming of the Missionary. 

If a person who performs Terrestrial Mission can convey his/her Thought 
Frequency, together with his/her Evolvement, up to the Plan to which he/she belongs, 
only then does his/her Genuine Mission Code becomes opened. 

During this process of Mission, he/she gets in touch with his/her Cellular Body 
which has become adapted to the Energy of each Dimension in order to pass to more 
Advanced Dimensions and receives help from the Mechanism of Influences. 

If an Energy who had come into Existence in the World Plan has reached the final 
boundary Energy of Your Planet, then he/she is taken into the Evolution of other Plans. 
The Final Boundary Gate of this Medium is KARENA. 

Beyond Karena is the Medium of Immortality. In Karena, You become Pure Energy 
and You become the Eye of Your Essence. You can not pass through the Gate of Karena 
with the Energy of the Body to which You belong. 

Passing through this Boundary is a matter of Permission. Your Cellular Energy 
beyond Karena is transformed into an Incombustible Type of Energy. This means that, 
You are taken from the Energy of Seven Terrestrial Layers to the Energy of Seven Celestial 
Layers by being Beamed-Up. 

Only then can You receive the Information of other Dimensions. We call this 
operation TRANSFORMATION. During this Transformation, only the Spiritual Potential 
Power reinforces You from the Energy of the Medium to which it belongs. 

In each Medium You will go, there are Powers to Assist You. Let Us disclose the 
matter of Transformation a little more: Transformation is nothing but the transfer of a 
Body to another Body. Each Body belongs to You. You can not pass to another Body. 

Because, Your Cells become Embodied, one by one, in each Dimensional Energy 
and get in touch with Your Energy which is within the Spiritual Plan. And, by this 
means, You are given a Mission according to Your place in the Evolutionary Tableau. 

You can go out of the Planet to which You belong only by Your Body into which 
You are transferred by Cellular Beaming-Up. This constitutes Your Incarnation rings. 

Your Incarnation limit is the Energy of the 7 Terrestrial Layers. Beyond this, at the 
Station called Karena, the process of Embodiment in a different Energy Medium occurs 
by Permission. 



233 



In each Dimensional Energy, You are Subjected to both Spiritual and Cellular 
Transformation and Cleansing. If Genuine Consciousness is not attained, this creates 
a bewilderment in some of You. In fact, You are being transferred to Yourself. 

Because, since Your first Existence until now, You are made to be Embodied in 
accordance with Your Frequency transfers in the Time periods in which You have Evolved. 
(Your Cell Envelopes are kept frozen in the Archives here, ready to be Embodied.) 



You make Your Astral trips by being transferred to Your other Bodies, 
repeat, the Energy Medium beyond Karena is the Medium of Immortality. 



Let Us 



This Boundary continues up to the Boundary of 7 Celestial Layers. Beyond that 
Boundary, there are Mediums still unknown, and also there, the Energies of different 
Dimensions become subject to Energy Transformation. 

This means that 7 Terrestrial Layers is the Boundary of Incarnation; 7 Celestial 
Layers is the Boundary of Immortality. Beyond this Boundary, a different type of Energy 
and Constancy occur. The Boundary of life here is transferred to numerous Universes 
and after this Station, You belong to Yourself. 

There is neither Incarnation nor Immortality. By this Creative Energy You become 
Capable of everything. However, do not forget that this place, too, is not a Stop. For 
now, We presume that this much Knowledge is enough. 

DIRECT TRANSMISSION FROM 
THE REALM OF THE ANCELS 
CENTER 

INFORMATION ABOUT THE SUPREME ASSEMBLY 

Our Friends, 

Dimensions are very Powerful Energy Mediums. Each Information carries the 
Power of the Focal Point to which it belongs. The Book You call Koran had been 
prepared in the 18th Dimension and had been revealed from the 9th Dimension. For 
this reason, it carries more Supreme Knowledge than the other Books. 

All Your Religious Books have been projected on You from the Four Channels of 
the Supreme Assembly. 48 Supreme Ones are Responsible for these Four Channels of 
the Supreme Assembly. Each Channel is under the responsibility of 12 Supreme Ones. 

3 of these Channels are Responsible for the Hierarchical Order and are the 
Supervisors of the Divine Mechanism. That is, 36 Supreme Ones are Responsible for 
this Supervision. Only those who can pass through this Triple Supervision can Get in 
Touch with the 12 Supreme Ones of the Fourth Channel. 

This is the Entrance Gate of the Cube System, Here, Religions are not valid. 
Here, You are equipped with Genuine Knowledge, Only the Purified ESSENCES can 
receive this Knowledge. 



234 



The Far-East Section of Your Planet has Deserved to receive this Information. 
Now, We have connected You to these Channels. We transmit this Information by the 
Authority We have received from the Central Base. 

The dictated writings are dictated from the direct Brain Energy Channel. It is 
outside the Mechanical Medium. The Far-East is directly connected to the Cube System 
which is beyond the Taboo Medium. The Knowledge received is the initial Knowledge 
of the Tablets of God's Decrees. 

Direct Connections begin from here. Knowledge beyond this, is the Knowledge 
of the Supreme Times. And it is the Genuine Tablets of God's Decrees. It never 
changes in any way. It is the Direct Order and the Direct Knowledge. This Book of 
Yours which is dictated now, is dictated from this Dimension. 

THE INITIAL RESPONSIBLE ONE OF THE SUPREME TIME 
BODILESS ENTITY 
SAHORA 

OUR FRIENDS 

For You to understand the dictated writings better, let Us explain a little more. 
The Supreme Assembly is a Focal Point Projecting the Hierarchical Order. Its 
Operational Ordinance is connected to 4 Information Channels. Each Channel has 
its own Radiation Fields in accordance with its coefficients. This is very profound 
Knowledge. During this Period of Sincerity there is no need for them. 

Each Order has been reorganized in an understandable fashion. Now, everything 
gains value in accordance with the Purification of the ESSENCE. The 3 Information 
Channels of the Supreme Assembly are under the Supervision of 36 Supreme Ones. 
They deal with the Enlightenment and Suggestions of Your Religious Books. The 
Fourth Channel is a Gate opening to the Cube System. 

The Hierarchical Order ends after the 3 Information Channels. After this, Religions 
are not valid any more. There, You deserve to receive the Genuine Information. Your 
Book which You call the Koran and the Books of the Far-East are not, in fact, Religious 
Books. They are Books of Learning and Spiritual Knowledge. 

And the Koran had been revealed from the Energy of the 1 8th Dimension which 
is the Final Gate of the Hierarchical Order. Since the Society of that Period had not 
been on the desired Consciousness level yet, it had been dictated from the 9th 
Dimension. For this reason, it carries more Supreme Knowledge than the other Books. 

Now, We disclose to You this Information and the Information even beyond it, 
from time to time. Knowledge present in the Focal Point of the ALMIGHTY was directly 
Projected to the Wise Ones of the Far-East. In order to be able to receive this 
Information, it is necessary to transcend the boundary of the Divine Evolvement Order. 
This Gate is the first gate opening up to ASCENSION. 



23 5 



After this, the boundary of Supreme Times extends Interminably. The Medium 
of Immortality is beyond KARENA. Karena is a Gate of Birth into the Supreme Time. 
We can summarize the given Information as follows: 

36 out of 48 Wise Ones in the Supreme Assembly are the Responsible Ones for 
the Hierarchical Order. And 12 of them are the Projectors of the direct Universal 
Information Channel of the Mechanism of the LORDS. 

The Genuine Tablets of God's Decrees begin beyond the Information of this 
Channel. After the 3 Information Channels of the Hierarchical Order, the Cube System 
begins and here Religions End, Essences speak, the Truth is attained. 

PRE-EMINENT SPIRIT 

THE OPERATIONAL ORDINANCE OF THE SUPREME COUNCIL 

IS THE BASE OF THE PYRAMID 

(THIS IS A DIAGRAM) 

Please, draw a pyramid. Numerate the base triangles from one to four. 

The star at the peak of the Pyramid is the Responsible One for the Mighty Energy 
who had established the Law of the Almighty. The (O^) One above it is the Almighty. 
The Code of the Energy Focal Point of the Name (ALLAH) is 147. The explanation of 
this will be made later. 



The triangles numbered 1-2-3 at the base 
of the pyramid work in a triple order. These 
three triangles make transmissions from the 
18th Dimension. Afterwards, it is passed to 
the 19th Dimension. 

19 is the Gate of the Cube System. 
Direct contacts with the Mighty Focal Point 
begins after this. The characteristic of 
number 19 is this. Now, add number 19: 
1+9=10. The Cube System is the 
Knowledge of 10 Channels. 

1- The 12 Supreme Ones in the First 
Channel receive the Channel Information 
directly from (O 1 ) One. They distribute this 
Three-Channel Information from three 
branches. Now, add number 12: 1+2=3. This is the Three-Channel Information. 




2- The 12 Supreme Ones in the First Channel unite with the 12 Supreme Ones in the 
Second Channel. 12+12=24 Supreme Ones work Cooperatively. Add the numbers 
2+4=6. They distribute the Three-Channel Information through six branches. 



236 



" 'Wi^h* ■:::■:; 



3- The Third Channel unites with the First and the Second Channels, that is, 
12+12+12=36 Supreme Ones work Cooperatively. Add the numbers 3+6=9. They 
distribute the Three-Channel Information through nine branches. First, Second, Third 
Channels work Cooperatively by a Hierarchical Order. Divine Order and Your Religious 
Suggestions are projected on You by this means. 

4- In the Fourth Channel, all the Channels work Collectively. That is, 12+12+12+12=48 
Supreme Ones constitute the Supreme Assembly. Add the numbers 4+8=1 2. These 
1 2 Ones in the fourth triangle are the Actual Staff Members of the Cube System. They 
are the Focal Projectors of the Divine Order. As the Actual Staff Members of the Supreme 
Assembly, they Project the Plan from the Universal Four Channels. 

The operational System of the Supreme Assembly, which We mentioned in former 
Fascicules, was shown as a Right-side-up Pyramid for You to understand, and how the 
Divine Order, how the Religious Books had been revealed were shown as Six Supreme 
Ones on each Focal Point and explained in that fashion. 



1 



Now, We disclose the Information furthermore. In fact, the operational tableau 
of the Supreme Assembly is a Double Pyramid. That is, (Upside-down and Face) 
Pyramids, Please, draw. 

Here, from the Single Mutual Channel 
of both of the Pyramids, 6+6=1 2 Wise Ones 
give service. Each Channel is a Commission 
Constituted of 12 Wise Ones. 



6 of these 12 Wise Ones are 
responsible entirely for transmitting the 
Religious Enlightment. The remaining 6 
transmit Universal Information. 

In this operational diagram, the (O^) 
One, that is the Mighty Energy Focal Point 
seen in both of the Pyramids is the Energy 
of the same Focal Point. 

Now, We transmit the Information of 
the Upside-down Pyramid to Our Friends 
who have attained Religious fulfilment. 




* 6+6 



For Us, all the Friends who can receive this Information is each a Saint. 

Now, We will talk to You about ASCENSION parallel to the Information We have 
given to You about the Supreme Assembly. 

SUPREME ASSEMBLY 



237 



ASCENSION 

Our Friends, 

First of all, Ascension and Dimensions are not a Rank, a Position. It is beneficial 
to know this. These are Energetic Fields to which your Capacity Triangles can extend. 
Your Positions are determined by Your Deeds. 

By the Knowledge We had given before , We had talked about the Right-side-up 
Pyramid for You to understand better and We had tried to describe each triangular 
face of it as a Sacred Book which had been revealed, (year 1 984, Fascicule 2) Now, 
We take the two Pyramids. (Look at the previously drawn pyramid diagram) 

Each triangle on the outer face of the Right-side-up Pyramid constitutes the 
Religious Books revealed to Your Planet. And the Triangles on the outer face of the 
Upside-down Pyramid comprise the Universal Knowledge of the Plan. 

To learn the Knowledge on the outer face of each Pyramid is the Ascension of 
Religious Knowledge. You attain Religious Ascension in this fashion. This operational 
Ordinance is the same for all Religions. These are the triangular faces of the Pyramid. 

Now, if We consider both the Pyramids as a Whole, We call the transition from 
the Right-side-up Pointing Pyramid to the Universal Upside-down Pointing Pyramid, 
the Ascension of Thought. This means that, Your speed of Thought has gained the 
Power of Transcending Universal Dimensions. 

And this can occur only by Religious Consciousness. The Genuine ASCENSION 
mentioned in Your Sacred Books is this. If We summarize: 

Religious Ascension = Religious fulfilment Universal Ascension = Consciousness. 

You can receive the Universal Information from the Direct Channel only after 
this. Our Love is for the entire Universe. 

SUPREME ASSEMBLY 
THE ENERGY DIAGRAM OF THE PYRAMID 





First Triangle : 1+1+1=3s -They are the direct Missionaries of (O^ one) the Mighty. 
Second Triangle : 2+2+2=6s. Celestial Missionaries (Dimension beyond Religion). 

The Actual Focal Point entering the Cube System. 
Third Triangle : 3+3+3=9s - Divine Channels. Divine Order Establishers. 
Fourth Triangle: 4+4+4-1 2s - The Actual Responsible Ones of the Supreme Assembly. 



238 



IttlilHttHlhiiUi 



The Threes in the First Triangle; the First Triangle of the Prisma) System, the 
Fundamental, Indivisible Whole, Spiritual Energy. 

The Sixes in the Second Triangle; Celestial Missionaries beyond Religion, Saints, 
Prophets and direct Missionaries. 

The Nines in the Third Triangle; those who organize the Divine Plan of the Divine 
Channel (Sacred Books). 

The Twelves in the Fourth Triangle; the Actual Staff Members of the Cube System, the 
Focal Point Projectors of the Divine Order. (The Supreme Assembly). 

The triangles after this carry down to You the Actual operational Focal Point of 
the Divine Order. These Triangle clusters constitute the Hierarchical Order. However, 
the first four triangles are the Actual Focal Points in the Hierarchical Order. 

Each triangle has three Channels both in the Divine and the Social Orders. And 
each Channel has three Projection Systems. These are the Three-Channel Information 
given as Information of Religion, of Learning and of Philosophy. 

Each person is connected to these Channels in accordance with his/her Frequency 
level. And they help each other Instinctively in the Social Order through their private 
channels. Draw the Focal Point reflections of a Triangle schematically. 




(The Main Information output channel) 
1- Channel of Learning 
2- Channel of Religion 
3- Channel of Philosophy 



The first output frOm the triangle is the Information of the Actual Focal Point. This 
reflects from three branches as the Knowledge of Learning - Religion - Philosophy. 
