They immediately learn the Languages of all the Galactic Mediums they go to. 
And they get in Touch by this means. At the moment, it is the Channel of ALTONA 
which conveys to You, by Divine Commandment, the Command of the Unification of 
all the Universes. We reach You by the reflections made from this channel. The 
Supervision of this channel is, presently, under the Command of AMON. 

Message Given By: GOLDEN LIGHT RAMON; 
conveyed by: MUSTAFA MOLLA 

PRIVATE MESSAGE 
(Date of Message: 29-6-1983) 

Our Friends, 

Your distresses, tirednesses and some of Your sicknesses which follow them, occur 
due to the secretions secreted by Your Pituitary Gland. 

When Your Distresses start to upset Your Electronical equilibrium, the Pituitary 
immediately starts secretion. This is a Protective Precaution taken by Nature, 

For, if these secretions did not render You tired and weak, then the Electronic 
Equilibrium in Your Brain Cells would render Your Awareness and Consciousness Codes 
atrophied by the Power of the Distresses, to be more correct, Your Mechanism of 
Thought would not function. 

Then, You would be no different than a blade of Grass. This is a Protective 
Equilibrium. 

Your Sicknesses gain value in proportion with the abundance or scarcity of Your 
Apprehensions, Your Distresses, The intensity of the Distress is in proportion with the 
intensity of the Sickness. All these procedures are for Protecting the Brain, which is 
Your most perfect machine and its Fuse. 

The Mechanism of Equilibrium and Justice within Nature passes through an extremely 
perfect wheel which can never be controlled. A part of that wheel is Your Brain. 

The Body Automatically gives priority to Your Brain Center rather than Your Cellular 
Center. Because the Cell is renewed but the Brain is a Universal Archive and File which 
keeps in its Layers all the transactions of the former Life years. 

924 



A 






c 



e 



S- 

c 



r 
t 




mam 



For this reason these Brain Cells have been frozen in Your Gene by a Special 
method. For this reason they are not renewed. Your Brain Energy is the Key of all the 
Information. Some people in Your Planet call this Energy Spirit, some Ether. 

In fact this Energy Bond is an Energy of a Channel which is Administered by 
Influences. It is also called the Silver Cord. This Energy Cord which is a Life Energy that 
prepares everything in you is also an energy Bond bringing You up to Us. 

During World Life, the Brain Code Automatically closes the World Door to this 
Universal Medium the Connection of which it renders. This is the Life requirement of 
the Normal structure. Such Human Beings, let Us speak in Your terms, are considered 
Normal according to You. 

Normality for You is always in right proportion with the unchangeability of the 
structure on the World Level. However, We do not consider Normal those who remain 
on this single Consciousness Level, 

For, if the Thought Mechanism of a Human Being does not enter the Medium of 
Quest, it can never complete its Evolvement. Now, let Us tell You the functioning of a 
Normal Mechanism. 

During the Medium of Sleep, Your Thought Mechanism unfolds Automatically. 
And this Mechanism gets in Touch with numerous channels. When it finds the channel 
appropriate to its own Coordinate, Dreaming Medium occurs. 

A Normal Brain commits that Dream to memory and never confuses it with Reality. 
A Brain outside this description can easily open its Door to different Mediums even 
when it is Awake. 



In such cases, if the Structure of a Mind can connect Its Own Control to 
Automatism through the structure of the Body, then that person is considered a Normal 
Human Being by Us. 

This state We have mentioned is valid for Situations in which the Codes and 
Coordinates are in right proportion when a Baby comes to the World. In the 
Abnormalities of the Physical Constitution, all the channels are mixed up like a skein. 

In fact, this situation is a developmental error pertaining to the Genes. Such 
events are mise-en-scenes exhibited in order to show clearly the two differences in a 
World in which everything is obliged to be in proportion with its Opposite. 

In such cases, the Entity within the Body, in fact, is a great Entity. However, he/ 
she cannot unfold himself/herself to the World, since his/her Brain Developmental 
Coordinates are mixed up. 

The same Entity when he/she possesses a healthy Physical Body in another Period 
may become an Inventor - A Scientist of Mathematics or Physics. Please, do not despise 
these Friends. Our love is upon all the Universes. 



RESUL 



925 



PRIVATE MESSAGE 
(Date of Message: 30-10-1983) 

Our Friends, 

There is a Power attracting You towards a thing in proportion with how much 
You desire that thing. For, Powerful Passions are Universal, not Terrestrial. It is a Power 
remaining beyond the Individual Will power. The cause of this Attraction is Spiritual, 
not Sexual or Moral. 



tod 

but 
Ligl 

wit 



During the Unification of two People, the Initial Spark is a Lightning jumping 
from Spirit to Spirit (just like it is with Clouds). The Current of Spiritual Frequencies is 
very Powerf'l. As long as it remains in Your Body You will be no different than a 
Drunkard or an Insane Person. 

If that Current remains with You for a long period of time, then Your Brain Codes are 
greatly damaged. That is the reason why it is necessa.y to attract that Current to Earth 
and ground it. To do this, there is the need for a Third Powerful Current. 

And this is an Entity who wants to be Embodied in the World. For this reason, 
two sexes often feel the need to be together. The two sexes never Desire each other 
if there is not the influence the Third Power sends. 

In Bodily Union, the Sexual Discharge is Your grounding. The final Vibration, 
the duration of which is an instant, is equivalent to the Energy of a Universe. Because, 
this Powerful Energy is a must for Your Reproduction Medium. This Energy Unites the 
Spiritual Energy of the Baby You will attract to the World with the Spiral Energy. 

The Energy of the Father is very Powerful Vibrationally. Because, he will saw the 
Spiritual Energy he has caught into the Mother's field. His task is this. And the Energy 
of the Mother is connected to the Code of Godly Love. This Love is only peculiar to 
the Mother. 

In this Love, there are Protect! veness - Compassion and the feelings of Possession. 
The opposite sexes who do not know the real nature of these subtle Nuances, criticize 
each other in vain by accusing each other and hurt themselves. 

The Male Vibration reaches the most Powerful Vibration only by the Love the 
Mother gives him. When Grounding is made, that Love, too, is Grounded and the 
Feelings become neutralized. However, the Love of the Woman is an Infinite Energy. 
Always She chooses her Man. 

She provides this by the Vibrations she sends by the Subconscious. In fact, she is 
not aware of it at first. If the Vibrations she sends are reciprocated, then that Feeling 
comes out above the Consciousness. For this reason in accordance with appearance, 
it is presumed that the first influence comes from the Man. 

Those Signals are a Natural answer. In fact, they are neither Sins nor are they 
Shameful. God has never created anything which is a Sin. Because, You, too, are a 
part of Nature. Those which restrict You are the rules of Society. 



nev 

Infc 
sea 



unt 
Cor 



Sue 
Ger 



eith 
Cor 



for 

sue! 

perl 



tyra 

him 



him 
tow 



insp 
be i 



kno 
Que 
Ligr 



926 



Shame-Sin are nothing but the Conditioning the Training You have had until 
today has caused. 

If the Genuine Human Being trains himself/herself not by the Rules of Society, 
but by the Perfection of Conscience and if he/she attains Consciousness under the 
Light of Conscience and thus, disciplines his/her actions and can become Integrated 
with his/her Personality, only then he/she exhibits Perfection. 

Civilized Morals is peculiar to Civilized Human Beings. Corruption of Morals is 
never considered pleasant in the Total and in the Ordinance of the Cosmoses. 

Conditioned Consciousnesses may evaluate Us wrongly in accordance with the 
Information We Give, However, an Information creates as much curiosity as it remains 
secret. 

Now, We are obliged to declare in all clarity, to You everything You have known 
until today and will know in future, so that You can attain the Equilibrium of Your 

Conscience. 

All the Friends who posses the instinct of acting in accordance with the 
Suggestions We have given to You are Consciousnesses who have attained their 
Genuine Conscience Essences. 

If You feel an uneasiness of Conscience in anything You do, then there is surely 
either something wrong with that matter, or Your Conditionings are shadowing Your 
Conscience. This is the reason why We say Overcome Your Conditionings and Your Fears. 

Your Conscience is Your Genuine Spiritual Guide, However, this situation is valid 
for Consciousnesses who have claimed the Totality of Genuine Conscience. There is 
such a perfect functioning Mechanism in Nature that everything goes through that 
perfect wheel. Your Conscience, too, is a part of this. 

Each individual is a Divine Entity created by ALLAH. Mankind has no right to 
tyrannize Mankind. We always support the Genuine Human Being. We do not let 
him/her be suppressed by anyone. Let it be known thus. 

A Person transcends various Thresholds during each Life Medium. This leads 
him/her towards the Medium of Quest. And these Questions may inspire him/her 

towards various paths. 

Some dive into Moral Pleasures - some into Divine Pleasures. If those who are 
inspired towards Moral Pleasures have Low Evolutionary Frequencies, they will never 
be able to get away from the Medium of Sex. 

If their Frequencies are High, then they will get no result from all the doors they 
knock on and thus, they will be Unhappy. So, those who wander about in Mediums of 
Quest without knowing what they Search for wish to relax by benumbing their Cerebral 
Lights by various intoxicants. 



927 



Those are, in fact, profound people with High Frequencies. Art is born in this 
very branch and gives its fruit. These people escape from the World and take shelter 
within their Essences because, they cannot bear the Shallowness of the World. And 
they let flow their fruits of the Essence into Art. 

Art carries the highest Vibration of the Evolvement Code. Art does not have only 
one aspect. Each branch has an Art. But the Source is the same. 

The Genuine Essence of Art is within Mud. However, the other Arts are connected 
to the Code of Light. But now, the Art of each branch will be Unified for the same 
Goal. It is not possible for everyone to attain the Code of Art. And it is not possible for 
every Artist to enter the Evolvement beyond (7) Dimensions, 

But the Artist creates himself/herself in proportion with his/her Creative Power. 
Then, that person does not need a Book. Because, he/she has become a Book himself/ 
herself. (The Genuine Artists). 

The path designed for You by all Your Religious Books You have been devoted to 
until today, provides the rising of the low Frequencies up to the Code of Evolvement. 
Only afterwards the Human Being will Learn to Fly by Himself/Herself and will leave 
his/her nest like a Bird. 

Different Mediums by various channels are prepared for everyone who has been 
able to attain the Philosophical Consciousness beyond Art. In fact, We do not prepare 
these Mediums. We only hold Hands of Our Friends who have Succeeded in being 
able to reach Us and who have Transcended themselves. This is a Universal Rule. 

The Happiest people are those who are able to find the Dimension they Deserve 
by their own High Frequencies. They are the competents of Islamic Mysticism who 
attain Existence in Unity. From now on, more appealing Doors will be opened to 
them and they will be submerged in Everlasting Bliss. 

Only beyond this very boundary the Genuine Missions start. There are such 
Supreme Authorities even way beyond the Messengers of the Divine Realm who assist 
You that the very CENTRAL SYSTEM had been established so that You could reach 
these Mediums. 

We easily call to Our Friends who comprehend Us from here and even from way 
beyond the Central System. 

Your Century is not a Century of the Middle Ages and of Lust. It is a Century of 
Awakening - Enlightenment and Advancement. Now, Humanity should undertake Its 
Genuine Mission by Realizing from where it has come, where it is going and where it 
will still go. 

To Our Friends who grasp the Truth, always Helping Hands will be extended 
from the final point of the Pyramid. Universes are awaiting You. 

RESUL 



928 



PRIVATE MESSAGE 
(Date of Message: 25-12-1983) 

Our Friends, 

The Seeds of the Golden Age have been sown into Your entire Planet. Supreme 
Friends coming from beyond Centuries help You in this Medium. The performed 
Missions are the efforts exerted for the Unification of the Consciousnesses who are on 
the same Level. 

The Space Medium is rendering Mission in Your Planet by the Commands it has 
received from the Divine Plan for a Universal Unification. Friends, who Deserve this Medium 
are sought and found, one by one, and Suns are being United with Divine Suns. 

We have been directly in Touch with Your Planet for Centuries. The Actual 
Purpose of the Book which is dictated to You at the moment is a Universal Integration 
and a Religious Unification. 

In fact, the Period of Religions and Prophethoods had come to an end Centuries 
ago. However, the Decision had been taken for Giving the Command of Declaration 
of all the Truths to You in the Century You live in. 

While certain sections of Your lost Society have forgotten even their ALLAH, some 
of them were unable to possess an Advanced View as a result of tightly embracing the 
first Information they had obtained. 

For this reason in this Book which is dictated under the name the KNOWLEDGE 
BOOK, often Religious matters will be mentioned and Celestial Information will be given 
so that the Truth can be understood quite well. This Book is not the Book of the Century 
You live in. The Book has been revealed in order to Declare to You all the Truths. 

Your Sacred Books had declared to You this Period You are going through as the 
RESURRECTION. What is meant by Resurrection is not the annihilation of Your World. 
Here, Resurrecting has been taken as the Awakening and Rising of the Consciousnesses. 

Every Book is given in accordance with the Level of Consciousness of that Society 
and is revealed according to the need. The Magnetic Medium Your Planet is in at the 
moment is in a parallel tempo with the Awakening of the Levels of Consciousness. 

For this reason there is an easy Unity and Communication with the channels of 
everyone. Now, We provide the Celestial connections with You by mentioning to You 
the characteristics of the Medium and the Universal Constitutions. 

During this Final Age, Advanced efforts are performed on the path of Science 
and Learning. But, still, Religions and Evolvement will be mentioned to You besides 
this until We make You grasp the Truth completely. 

Because, the Goal of the Book at the moment is primarily a Religious Unification. 
This Religious Unification is the First Step taken to establish a Brotherly/Sisterly World 
in which all the Boundaries will be abolished in future. 



929 



After the year 2000, great efforts will be exerted in the entire World in order to 
establish a more Powerful Order. And in case You help Us on this path, the missed 
Happy Morrows will be arrived at quicker. 

On the Universal Unification tableau of this Final Age, all the Truths will be 
exhibited to You. However, only those who grasp the Truth will be able to pass beyond 
Infinity by attaching their Rings on the chain of MEVLANA which extends towards the 
Infinite. 

During this Final Age, the Entire Universe - the Entire System will scream out to 
You the entire Truth in an extraordinary effort. Only after this First Truth is grasped, We 
will disclose to You more Truths which You do not know. 

The Rod of Moses - Jesus Christ's Ascension to the Sky - Mohammed's Ascension 
had been induced to occur by the Commands of the Divine Mechanism which had 
executed the Commands of the LORD. All these were exhibitions for You which were 
necessary to be executed so that the Consciousness of the Supremacy of OUR LORD 
would be attained. 

The Ordinance of the Universes which has been directed in a Hierarchical Order 
until now, will, from now on, leave its place to the Genuine Human Being. However, 
such a moment will come that the Human Being who renders Himself/Herself Sovereign 
to his/her Own Self will establish a completely different World. 

After the Consciousness of the Genuine Human Being is attained, the Hierarchical 
Order will leave its place to a Free Order. Everyone will continue to live Happily in the 
Medium he/she Deserves by claiming his/her Own Self and his/her Essence Being. 

OUR LORD will now descend down to a nearer Plan to You from the Dimension 
HE is in. And HE will establish the World of the Morrows, Hand in Hand - Heart to 
Heart with You, with Love and Happiness. 

During this Final Age, this is the reason why the Selections are very difficult, 
Exams are very severe. The moment You get free of Your conditionings, the Sacred 
Lights will show You the way. Our goal is to make You attain Yourselves. 

There is no deceiving - no Lying - no Evil Intention in Us. One day, Your entire 
Planet will attain the Truth and will witness the truthfulness of Our words. Doubt is 
Your most natural right. Truths are always discovered by searching. Our Love is upon 
all the Universes. 



COUNCIL OF STARS 



GENERAL NOTICE 



Our Friends, 

It is for the benefit of Humanity that all the Integrated Consciousnesses should 
act in accordance with the Suggestions given directly by the Supreme Mechanism so 
that everything can advance towards the Beautiful and the Perfect in Your Planet during 
this Period of Transition. 



930 



During all the efforts made for creating the Beautiful Totalities of the Morrows, 
carrying out the operations under the roof of a Family and Brotherly/Sisterly Totality 
by Respecting the Views of everyone with Love, will give the most Positive results. 

In all the Associations and Establishments, Human Beings' addressing each other 
with a mild Language without being effected by Individual Consciousnesses and by 
concealing Personal Feelings will render the roofs under which these Universal 
Operations are made, a Family Home. 

Cooperative Dialogues with reciprocated Love and Respect will form the strong 
foundations of the Morrows. It is the Suggestion of the Totality that these Suggestions 
of Ours should be kept in consideration in each step during all the work which will be 
rendered from now on. 

The Essence is from You, the Word from Us and the Path which is treaded is from 
OUR LORD. The Negativities which occur, all the Sorrows and all the Inconveniences 
suffered are each an occurrence originating from People's inability to Supervise 
themselves. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 
IN THE NAME OF THE TOTALITY 

IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

All the operational Ordinances and all the Totalities of Formation within the Universal 
Totality are the reflections of the same Order from the Macro onto the Micro. This is the 
reason why the operational and Formation Ordinance of a Gurz Totality, too, is exactly 
equivalent to the operational and Formation Ordinance of the Mini Atomics. 

The Energy rings under the Crystal Stalagmites of the Giirz Totality are exactly 
present around the Mini Atomics, too, as Micro reflections. And the inside of a Gurz 
Effectively gains value in accordance with the Three Nuclei System. 3 Nucleic Totalities, 
each of which is formed by 600 Mini Atomic Wholes, are, one by one, exactly like the 
Essence of an egg. 

And if You consider the Energy rings which surround these 600 Mint Atomic 
Wholes as the membrane of an egg, these Energy rings, too, are equivalent to the 
Filtering and Protective rings which surround the Outer shell of the Gurz. 

We try to give You all the Information briefly but to the point. By the assimilation 
of the brief but to the point Information, one attains the Realization of the Truth quicker. 
This is an Operational Ordinance. 

However, Humanity has preferred to waste Time by diving into the details instead 
of Transcending Time. The source of all the despairs originates from this behavior. It 
is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



931 



THOUGHT OCEAN OF THE PRE-EMINENT POWER 



ALL-MERC1FUL=SUPERVtSOR OF GLJRZ 

CENTRAL SOLAR TOTALITY 

COUNCIL OF THE UNIVERSAL ORDINANCE 

UNITED ORDINANCE COUNCIL 

This Triple Totality is within the 

LIGHT -UNIVERSE 

(Triple Operational Ordinance) 



its Supervisor 
ALMIGHTY 



ADMINISTRATIVE MECHANISM 

SYSTEM-ORDINANCE-ORDER 
UNITED COUNCIL 
(SPOKESPEOPLE OF THE SYSTEM- 
ORDINANCE-ORDER) 
COSMOS FEDERAL ASSEMBLY 
A Croup of 1 8 People 
REALITY OF THE UNIFIED HUMANITY 
A Totality Constituted by the 
Councils of Numerous Galactic 
Dimensions 

The Totality of 3 People Is 
called a COUNCIL 
These Councils are within the 
MINI ATOMIC WHOLES 

GOLDEN GALAXY EMPIRE 

Projects all the Suggestions of the 

Dimension of the ALL MERCIFUL 

on the MINI ATOMIC 

WHOLES and Collects and 

Gives the Result to the ALL-MERCIFUL 1 



PROTECTIVE ARMOR 

FILTERING RING 
BREATH RING 



HORIZON RING 



NUCLEIC WORLD 




6 PROJECTIVE PYRAMIDS WHICH COLLECT 
THE POWER OF THE THOUGHT OCEAN 
OF THE PRE-EMINENT POWER GIVE THE 
ENTIRE POWER TOTHELIGHT - UNIVERS E 

THE ONE OF ONE- ALL-MERCIFUL 
LIGHT - UNIVERSE -DIMENSION 
OF THE ALL-MERCIFUL 



DIMENSION OF NOTHINGNESS 



UNIVERSE OF TH E PRE-EMINENT ONES 



ITS RESPONSIBLE ONE 
CREATOR- PRE-EMINENT 
POWEft=L0RD 



DIMENSION OF LIFE - 
MIGHTY ENERGY FOCAL POINT - 
MAIN EXISTENTIAL DIMENSION,' ' 
SECOND UNIVERSE 
(Dlmenilon of Adam and Eve)' 




MAIN EXISTENTIAL DIMENSION MAGNETIC FIELD. 



ITS OPERATIONAL ORDINANCE= 
LOftCMPRE-EMINENT SPIRfTt 
PRE-EMINENT MOTHER 
worlt cooperatively 



In each one of the BREATH RINGS 
there are 600 MINt ATOMIC WHOLES 



BEA UTY Of UNIFIED HUMANITY I 

EALrTY TOTALITY »Ab -itRtONfl 

MINI ATOMIC WHOLE 

18.000 REALMS^! COSMOS 

18COSMOSES-1 UNIVERSE 

The Responsible One for 

1 Universe is the SINGLE 

- * • > INIVERSES-1 MINI ATOMIC WHOLE 

1 .000 Universes withi n 

the Mini Atomic work 

in connection with the REAUTY 

600 help the Centrifugal Power. 

1.000 of them rotate 

ounter clockwise, 800 rotate clockwise. 



The Focal point where the LORDLY- 
SPIRITUAL-TECHNOLOGICAL totality is 
found is the DIMENSION OF FORM. 
i It Is alio called the EXISTENCE SKEIN 



THE ADMINISTRATIVE 

MECHANISM OF EACH MINI 

ATOMIC WHOLE IS THE LORDLY- 

SPIRITUAL-TECHNOLOGICAL 

TOTALITY. THE OPERATIONAL 

ORDINANCE Of THIS TOTALITY 

IS WITHIN THE HORIZON RING 

WHICH SURROUNDS THE 

MINI ATOMIC WHOLE. 

UNDER THE HORIZON RING 

THE ADMINISTRATIVE MECHANISM 

OF THE LORD OF THE WORLD IS 

OIRFtrn V IN TOUCH WITH THE WORLD 

WHICH IS THE NUCLEUS OF THE MINI ATOMIC 



ALL-COMPASSIONATE j 



CRYSTAL STALAGMITES 
Each Crystal Stalagmite is 

1 33.000 OKs long. 

1 OK-J.5 Billion kilometers 



DIMENSION OF ALLNESS 
ITS RENSPONSIflLE ONE 
ALL-DOMINATING 



THE UNITED DIMENSIONS ARE 

3 IN NUMBER- THE NUMBER OF 
MINI ATOMICS IN THE CUHZ IS 1B00 



F 

c 

f 

t 



932 



SUs 



m 



The preceeding Diagram has been given as an aid for the Gurz and the 
Hierarchical Information within the Book. Since all the 1800 Mini Atomic Wholes 
present within a Gurz would not fit into the drawing, in the drawing within the Diagram, 
a Mini Atomic Whole indicated in the drawing comprises Symbolically (100 Mini 
Atomic Wholes). And around each Mini Atomic Whole there is a Ring of Horizon. In 
the Diagram within the thick black line which encircles the Gurz, (there are the Protective 
Armor- the Filtering Ring- the Rings of Breath and Horizon). 

And these Energy Layers are reflecting, exactly as they are, on the Energy Rings 
which encircle the 600 Mini Atomics. And from there, they reflect, exactly as they are, 
on the Mini Atomics. The Administrative Totality of the Gurz = RAB (The Lord, in 
Turkish) - RAHMAN (the All-Merciful, in Turkish)- RAHIM (the All-Compassionate, in 
Turkish) Triplet. Their common Symbols are expressed by the R 3 Symbol. The Natural 
Totality of the Gurz is divided Dimensionally into Three. These are the Light-Universe 
= HICLiK (Dimension of Nothingness, in Turkish), the Second Universe = HAYAT 
(Dimension of Life, in Turkish), Totality of the All-Compassionate - HEPLIK (Dimension 
of Allness, in Turkish). Their common Symbols are expressed by the H 3 Symbol. 



933 






1992 Sixth Month 
Fascicule 54 

IT IS CLEAR DECLARATION TO PLANET EARTH 

Our Friends, 

From now on, dissemination possibilities for Individual Actions will never be 
permitted in the operational Ordinances applied on Your Planet during this Final 
Transition Program. 

The Calls within the Unification Programs of the Universal Totality always comprise 
the Cooperative actions of a Social Integration. 

At the moment, dissemination and expansion possibilities are permitted only to 
Totalities carrying on the Universal Mission. Time is Scarce, Your actions are 
unproductive, but Your dissemination field is very wide. 

For Centuries, Truths have been explained to You by the Suggestions of the 
Celestial Authorities and Luminous paths to be treaded have been shown. Humanity 
which could not possibly break the shell of its Terrestrial Views has come up to these 
difficult times. 

Now, during the awaited time, Humanity has been taken into a Program of 
accelerated Evolution and Purification by quite different means. And as a necessity of 
this applied Program, now the personalities of every Consciousness which have 
remained concealed in the Essence are now openly exhibited and thus, at the moment, 
Humanity has become more discriminative. 

During these difficult periods in which these conflicts of Consciousness become 
effective, Your Planet will experience more intensive days. The entire Responsibility of 
Humanity which has lost its Serenity belongs to Humanity. 

Humanity which cannot Discipline its Own inner Chaos by its Original 
Consciousness will now make its Own Judgment itself. Time will show You everything 
and one day everyone will witness the Truth of Our Words. 

The Intellect of everyone who lives in the Terrestrial Dimension belongs to himself/ 
herself. And in accordance with his/her own Intellect everyone wishes to be Together 
with only those who shed Light on him/her. 

Now, during this Program of Transition, steps will be taken towards the path of 
Truth not by a Single Intellect, but by the Cooperative Synthesis of Cooperative 
Consciousnesses of Cooperative Intellects. 

We have declared to You clearly all the Truths up until today through the Channel 
of the Knowledge Book. We have also prepared the fields of Work. And We have 
made Suggestions about how to act. 

All these are Programs rendered effective as a help for You on the path You will 
tread. In this Universal operational Program made, now, the entire Totality is connected 
to the Announcements of a Single Channel. 

934 



MM 



During this Dimension of Transition, the Advanced Consciousnesses' trying to 
lead Humanity by their Personal Views they receive from their Own Essence Channels, 
is a Hindrance for the Evolution of Humanity which has not yet attained the Realization 
of the path it will tread. 

All these Efforts made are for Humanity and for the Human Beings. It will be the 
Happiness of the Universal Totality being able to see the Minimum Consciousness of 
Our efforts in You, too. It is presented for Your information. 

COSMOS FEDERAL TOTALITY 

CLEAR INFORMATION 

Our Friends, 

The Events experienced during this Period of Transition and the Universal Power 
of the Cosmos makes the Mankind restless. However, everyone has a constitution 
Peculiar to himself/herself. And the transaction of everyone is equivalent to his/her 
Own Consciousness and Inner Realm. 






When the Words of ALLAH fall on the Words, when the Power of the Years are 
added to Human Beings, Consciousnesses who have not yet attained the Supremacy 
of Universal Love will make the World You live in even more difficult to live in. For this 
reason direct Currents of Evolution are given to Your Planet. 

By this means, the Positive seeds ripening in Spirits will sprout and the Universal 
Totality will be attained by the Human Being who becomes Conscious. Nothing will 
be started anew anymore. For this reason now the time has come to talk with You very 
clearly. 

During the Period You live in, the Life Tableau of Your Planet has reached up to 
these Negative Boundaries as a result of the investments Humanity has Unconsciously 
made up until Today. 

At the moment, Your Planet is presently faced with Two great dangers. These 
are, one Natural and the other Technical Catastrophes, Your destruction is prepared 
by both ways. This is the very reason why direct Contacts have been started with You. 

In the Messages We have given until today in the Knowledge Book, not to frighten 
You, details of Events concerning Your Planet have not been given. However, now, the 
Permission to give You the Messages concerning Your Medium has been given. For 
this reason We assemble the Genuine Human Beings together. 

During this Period of Sincerity, in this Final Age in which Spiritual values are Unified, 
nobody is aware of the esteem We attach to Our Peace Missionary Friends who understand 
Us fully and Who have fearlessly reached out towards the depths of Space. 

In this Universal Mission, collectivity and Cooperation is a Must. Universal Doors 
will always remain shut for those Who remain outside of this Consciousness. It is 
presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



935 



IT IS INFORMATION FOR INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 

Our Friends, 

We will request You to heed strongly all the Suggestions which will be given to You 
from now on. At the moment, We address You through the Single Universal Channel 
which is responsible for a channel directly connected to the Council. This Channel is the 
(ALPHA Special Channel) through which the Knowledge Book is being dictated. 

It has been considered more appropriate, parallel to the Signals We received 
from certain chains of Thought, that the Message We will give now should be written 
Article by Article so that You can grasp the Truths better. Please, write: 

1 - From now on, a Universal Unification will be the subject matter in the Missions 

to be rendered. 

2 - Now, the Missions which will be rendered will not be under the Individual Patent 

of any Croup or Establishment. 

3 - During the operations required to be made, priority will be given to the Synthesis 

and Self-Sacrtfices of Collective Consciousnesses and from now on, Permission 
will never be given to Individualism. 

4 - We have been inviting You to this Universal Unification since many years by the 

help of various channels. Where are You still? 

5 - We have been addressing Humanity which has attained a certain Consciousness 

since 1981 World Year, directly from the Channel of (KNOWLEDGE BOOK) to You. 
And We have been declaring the Truth in all clarity by giving Suggestions for the 
path to be treaded. 

6 - The Knowledge Book is a Universal Constitution of the Lordly Order and the 

Ordinance of the Cosmoses. For this reason We call to You and get in touch 
with You. 

7 - The Salvation of Your Planet is equivalent to the Humanity's becoming Conscious 

and its grasping the Truth. 

8 - The Salvation Plan is connected Directly to the Single Channel of Announcement 

through which the Knowledge Book is given. By this Channel each Totality is 
being Connected to the SINGLE. 

9 - The Turkey of ATATURK is a Country of Mission which carries a great Responsibility. 

For this reason it becomes the stage of very Powerful Exams. 

10 - The Dimension of Salvation of Turkey has been connected to the Western Block 

(for Universal Unification). Get in touch with those Countries. Then You will 
recognize and know Yourselves better. 

1 1 - Turkey's introduction Abroad on this path of Universal Unification will occur by 

the Unification of Collective Consciousnesses. This is a National and a Universal 
Mission of Yours. 



936 



12 - As a result of these Final intense selections, the Advanced Consciousnesses of 

the Golden Age are being selected, one by one, by a Special channel of the 
Golden Galaxy Dimension and thus, their connections to the Plan are made. 

1 3 - Now, Strong Foundations will be established by Sound Consciousnesses. Channel 

distractions have been terminated. 

14 - To Friends whose Channels are opened by reading the Knowledge Book, 

Purification and becoming Conscious for a period of One W^rld Year have been 
allotted from now on (in each Period). 

1 5 - At the End of This Period of One Year, it is necessary that everyone should take 

under Control his/her channel by his/her Terrestrial Consciousness. 

16 - Considering the Scarcity of Time, Individuals who still find Channel Work 

pleasant and who cannot Discipline their Channels will be kept outside the 
Ordinance of Protection and of Work by a Decision of the Universal Totality. 

1 7 - From now on, in all the Sections of the Missions to be performed in Your Planet, 

Intellect - Logic - Awareness and Conscious Missions have been rendered 
effective as Operational Ordinance. 

18 - From 1992 World year on, all the Suggestions given by the System will find a 

direct Application Field in Your Planet. 

19 - For this reason not getting out of what the Universal Totality requires of You will 

be the gain of Humanity. 

20 - Nothing can ever be Organized and Changed in accordance with Your Wishes. 

For, these are Universal Laws. 

21 - These Final Selections are made in accordance with Consciousnesses of Your 

Essences. There is no Intercession in any matter so that the Perfect can be 
achieved. 

22 - Deserving Intercession depends on You. You will discover and see the Proof of 

this in time. 

23 - Up until today, We have shown You the way by certain Suggestions to make it 

easy for You. From now on, You will receive Power from Your Own Selves in the 
operations which will be made. 

24 - The System has never given You directives and Commands until today. It has 

only shown You the way for these Universal steps You will take forward and has 
helped You through the Influences. 

25 - However, now, the Influences given Privately to the Consciousnesses who have 

attained the Realization of the Truth have been brought to an end. From now 
on, everyone will find the path he/she will tread himself/herself. 



937 



26 - Your Only Means from now on which will help You on this path is the 

KNOWLEDGE BOOK. Your gain is to serve Humanity in a Conscious way. 

27 - During the Cosmic Age, each Consciousness will ptay his/her own Drum. Those 

who can attain the Essence Consciousness of the Direct Pre-eminent LORD, 
without diving into this Chaos of Clamor and Noise, are the Essence Servants of 
the LORD. And they are under Our Protection. 

28 - In the Universal operations to be made, the Light of the Essences is Important, 

not the Experiences of the time which is gone through. 

29 - For Your Universal Salvation, You need Spiritual experiences rather than Terrestrial 

experiences. And You attain them by experiencing them. 

30 - In Terrestrial experiences Ego is the most Powerful factor. However, the Maturity 

attained by Spiritual experiences is the Genuine Consciousness. 



31 



32 



Do not let Your Unsuccessfutnesses intimidate You. Each Unsuccessfulness is a 
Stimulation and a Key to Success. The Essences of people are selected tn 
accordance with the Laws of Action and Reaction. 



Do not plead help from others by presuming Yourself incapable, 
underestimate Your Power. 



Do not 



33 - You have been Specjlly chosen as Consciousnesses who can easily Succeed in 

every Matter during this Final Age. 

34 - (The Time) in which everyone will attain his/her Essence Consciousness are the 

investments made into the Future Years. 

35 - The Salvation of Humanity depends on You, Our Human Brothers and Sisters. 

During this Scarce Time, organize and Evaluate Your Actions accordingly. 

36 - In Future years, everything will advance towards the Beautiful and the Perfect. 

All of You will see this before You leave the World Dimension in which You live. 

37 - We ask You now to Love Your Human Brothers and Sisters as We love You and We 

expect operations with more Positive Behavior from You. 

38 - The Universal Totality has been awaiting the Voice and the Breath of the Human 

Being who has been becoming Conscious for Billions of Centuries. Now, Your 
Voice should be the Voice of the Total and Your Breath, the Breath of the Totality. 



39 - From now on, let (the Scarcity of Time) be a Slogan of Your Consciousness, 
alleviate the Burden of the difficult conditions You will experience by this 
Consciousness Light. 



And 



FEDERATION ON BEHALF OF THE TOTALITY 



938 



GENERAL MESSAGE 

Our Friends, 

The Announcements We had given to You Twenty years ago had been Messages 
concerning the present state of Your World. In Your World full of Contradictions, it is 
very hard for Humanity to keep step with this Speed of Change. We Realize this. 

However, these operations made on the path of Universal Unity are an inevitable 
necessity for Your Planet. This Universal Change takes place together with the entire 
Totality and Nature. Since You, too, are each a part of this Totality, You are influenced 
by the Tableau of Change of the Medium, whether You wish it or not. 

At the moment, Humanity is on the threshold of very great Depressions. Your World 
has been prepared for Material and Spiritual difficult conditions. During this Period You 
live in, Individualism Suffocates the Human Being. For, now We have entered the Medium 
of Social Totality and Solidarity. Our Friends who can receive all the Positive Energies 
given through the Channel of ALPHA are not subject to these Depressions. 

All the Living Entities in the Cosmos render their Evolution Developments by 
being influenced by the Positive aspects of these Universal Energies. At the moment, 
different Plants come into existence in Nature the Species of which You do not yet 
know. These are nothing but the adaptations to Your Medium of the previous species. 

You, too, are the same. However, We suggest that You should not get Suffocated 
by being submerged in the Events of this intense Medium You live in. The Changes in 
Nature - Floods and Earthquakes are the inevitable Destiny of Your Planet. 

Your Mediums' keeping in step with this Transformation is a struggle for Triumph 
of Humanity. As a result of this struggle, You had indisputable gains in Your Relations 
with the Medium, both Spiritually and Bodily. 

During this Period, there is no Geomancy or Fortune Telling anymore. Because 
all Events are Evident. During this Final Age, everything is proven to Humanity both by 
Positive Science and by Metaphsychics. Depressions are not without a cause. They 
prepare You for Evolvement as Masses. This, too, is a part of the Salvation Plan. 

Your reserves will be exhausted as the days go by. Even this will stimulate You 
towards quite different Research Mediums. However, it is beneficial not to forget one 
thing. In case Terrestrial Avarices take the form of an Insatiable Avidity, these will 
never remain Unpunished. 

In the Universe, a Law of Nature and Divine Justice Programs Reign. The One 
Who Forgives is only OUR LORD. The Universal Mechanism functions very Fairly and 

Justly. Everyone will receive, without fail, the results of his/her Positive or Negative 
Actions in time. 



939 




However, meanwhile, We can not do without conveying a Happiness of Ours. In 
accordance with the Statistical scanning made at the moment, many of Our Terrestrial 
Friends have been exalted up to the Level of Universal View by Realizing this Dimension 
of Transition and have Realized the Truth. 

They are the very Saviors of Humanity. The Wonderful Lights of the Morrows will 
Illuminate Your Planet which is in Depression for the time being. All the Beautiful 
things which will take place in future are Yours. Our Gratitude towards You, Our 
Terrestrial Friends, are infinite. Your Goals are Your Futures. 



SUPREME ASSEMBLY 



IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION 



Our Friends, 

We, Who are together with You, are Totalities Projecting on all the Universal 
Consciousnesses. However, the distressing state of Humanity which has not yet attained 
the Consciousness of the fact that nothing can be attained easily, distresses the entire 
Universal Totality, very much too. 

During the Periods in which the Final Programs of the Cycle the Divine Plans 
would render Effective had not yet been rendered effective, the idea that by setting off 
on the path during this Universal journey in which the Godly Totality would set off as 
a Total, fruits which had not yet been matured would place Humanity in a very difficult 
position, had been the matter of long dispute among Divine Authorities. 

However, now, We are bound to see with regret, whether We wish or not, the 
results of the inevitable application of a Plan which had been obliged to be executed 
as a necessity of the Program. However, the fact is that, due to the Scarcity of Time, 
there are many reasons, in fact, not one, why the Plan of Salvation had been rendered 
effective and why the Knowledge Book has been revealed to Your Planet. However, 
Humanity does not know this yet. 

If the Salvation Project applied during this Universal Unification had not been 
rendered effective, then even a Memory would not have remained of Humanity which 
constitutes the Structural Stone of Your Planet. Since You do not know how You are 
protected by the Sacred and the Spiritual Dimensions here against various Powers, 
the Human Being of Your Planet still maintains its life without exerting efforts for Growth 
and for becoming Conscious. 

First of all, We request You to Heed well the Suggestion We will make now. We 
do not give You this Message of Ours as an Element of Fear. We convey a Truth and 
give it as a Warning. 

When the time comes, a Universal Journey will be started together with a Staff 
Totality constituted by people who set off for a Unification parallel to the Suggestions 
required of You until today, with those who do not act in accordance with their Individual 
Consciousnesses - Who do not repel People in accordance with their Terrestrial 
Thoughts - Who do not Blame - Those Who are not lacking in Forgiveness - Love - 
Tolerance and who will be able to set off on the path by a Genuine Mission 
Consciousness by enjoying these Wonderful attributes. 






Uni 

the 



wh- 
bel- 

has 
it i 
app 



the 

CO! 

at 



Cc 



ar 
dc 



Tc 



LI 
c 



c 
n 

S 
K 



h 




The Supreme Mechanism which Invites You once more to Common Sense, to 
Unity and Integrity before the Knocker of this Final Door is knocked on, Invites You to 
the Universal Totality in accordance with these Views. 

Otherwise, the Door of Your Planet will be opened to Undesired Powers and, 
when the time comes, the suggestion that to set off on the path with Friends who 
belong only to Us - Who have reached Us and Who have attained their Essence Totality, 
has been decided by the Supreme Court of the Universal Ordinance Council. However, 
it is the Duty of the Totality to declare the Truth to Humanity before the time of 
application of this Decision arrives. 

CENTRAL TOTALITY 

Note: 

The Divine Totality has never wished until today, that Your Planet should fall into 
the state of the other Galaxies. And it still does not (Except for certain obligatory 
conditions). Please, It is Our most sincere desire that this Message of Ours should give 
a Message to the entire Humanity. 

IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION 

Our Friends, 

As the days in which the Suns approach the Suns come closer, the Human Factor 
will exhibit to Your Planet quite different Life Tableaux. These fluctuations of 
Consciousness will prepare Your Medium for more difficult conditions. 

All the Totalities acting in accordance with the way the System considers necessary 
are within a Great Protective Aura. For this reason You will live easily without having 
doubts about anything and will fearlessly carry on the Missions, 

This Message is given as a Suggestion and a Guarantee of directly the Divine 
Totality so that You know You are Secure. Humanity does not know yet the Protection 
Dimensions of Your Planet. 

Your World will never be exposed to a Space assault. However, all the 
Uncontrolled Energies which have been left outside the System will be set free after a 
certain Period by a Decision taken at the System's Plan of Salvation. 

For this reason the control by Your Terrestrial Consciousnesses of Your opened 
channels are required of You. Each person whose channel is opened in Your Planet, 
no matter in which period, is directly under the Protection and Supervision of the 
System for (1) World Year, starting from the date he/she gets in touch with the 
Knowledge Book. 

However, after this Date expires, it is necessary that the Consciousnesses who 
have received the Divine Light should establish their Totalities of Intellect - Logic - 
Awareness in accordance with their Terrestrial Consciousness. Otherwise, the Channels 
will be left out of Control. 



94 1 



These Unsupervised Energies are very Powerful Energies, however, they are Outside 
the Evolution. They need the Human Potential who has Godly Power and who has 
Evolved in order to survive. 

At this Final Transition Dimension they, too, become more Powerful by the given 
Cosmic Reflections and they need Godly Energies more. 

We were holding these Unsupervised Energies under control at a certain Dimension, 
so that the Human factor who were able to attain a certain Consciousness development 
until today, could benefit more from these Godly and Evolutionary Energies. 

Now, They, too, multiply and become Powerful in their own Mediums by these 
Cosmic Influences and thus, are forcing the boundaries of the Dimensions they are in. 

We call them Space Micro-Organisms. Once You, too, had been Unsupervised 
Energies like them. (During the unknown, uncalculated periods of the First Existential 
boundaries). And now, You have become a Godly Totality today. This is a Triumph of 
Time, of Transformation and of Technology. 

Now, You who have been able to attain a certain Consciousness, are tried to be 
prepared for the Programs of appointment to the management of quite different 
Totalities by bringing to an end the Evolution tableaux of the Dimension You are in. 
For this reason We have taken the entire Godly Totality in Your Planet into the Salvation 
Plan during the 3 Cosmic Ages. 

Since the Human Potentials who can not enter the Salvation Plan will be kept 
outside the Supervision of the System due to the Evolutions they were not able to 
make until today, they will become the Seeds for the Initial Evolutions of these 

Unsupervised Energies. 

And now, ALLAH will hand over His Systems He has established until today, to 
You, His trained Children, and will take these Uncontrolled Energies which have received 
the Evolutionary Seeds to Dimensions which have been Unknown until today and will 
train them anew like You, in a shorter period of time, in the accompaniment of a new 
Evolution tableau. 

You have lost a time period of a Billion Centuries, for You have waited for the 
Evolution process of the Energy and Matter through Natural means. However, they 
will Mature in a shorter period of time by being Engrafted with Evolutionary Energies 
and will take in hand quite different Plans. 

This Plan is a Universal Constitution prepared Centuries ago. And the Evolution 
