established Order havebeen projected in accordance with the Mediums of 
Consciousness. All the Orders are connected to the ALL-DOMINATING. 






By this means, the Mechanism of Lords Projects an Order connected to the 
Dimension of the ALMIGHTY on all the Realms and Cosmoses. GODs and Their 
Messengers carry on this Mission. The final Representative of Your Reality is AMON, 
He is the Messenger of the World LORD. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



I 



357 



IT IS INFORMATION ABOUT THE LORDS 

Each Fetus is an Essence. However, there are differences between the Essence Gene 
and the other Genes. The Essence Gene has become an Open Awareness by attaining 
the characteristic of developing all the Cells up until the final Dimension of Evolvement. 

Even though all the Cells in the Physical Body are each a part of the same Gene, 
they live their Worlds as Veiled Awarenesses. Even though they are the parts of the 
same Integrated Whole, they are subjected to Evolution separately. The Common 
aspect they share is only the fact that they all Love Human Beings, Animals and Nature. 

Apart from this, each Gene is obliged to complete its Evolvement separately, by 
means of the Cell Consciousness and Awareness it has attained. These Genes can 
even surpass their Essence Genes by the efforts they make during their life times. 



him. 



For example, Mevlana's father is an Essence Gene. But Mevlana had Surpassed 



The constitution of each Gene is the same. That is, each Essence, too, is the 
same. Those Essences are the Energy Particles radiating from the SINGLE. 

The Genes are each a mini computer which provides the reproduction and which 
gives the Command to adapt to the Medium they are in by the Universal Awareness 
and the Universal Consciousness they have attained. By this means, Embodiment, in 
accordance with the Life of the Medium, occurs. 

Apart from this, Energies who have Transcended Mental Dimensions by 
Evolutionary rules, that is, by Incarnations, can even create Universes by their Thought 
Frequencies by utilizing their own Essence-Powers. 

These very Essence-Powers are the LORDs of the Plans they are in. At the moment, 
the LORD of Your Planet is the WORLD LORD. His Messenger is AMON. And You have 
been under the Supervision of the same LORD in every Period. (Do not confuse the LORD 
with the CREATOR). 

This Supervision is nothing but the application on the Constitution of a Plan 
functioning in harmony with Your Universal Progress and with the Evolutionary Ordinance. 
The applied Order from which all Your Sacred Books had been revealed is this. 

We establish the Order. You upset, You destroy it. The duty to build it up again 
is incumbent upon Us. Centuries pass in this way. 

If they desire, Supreme Consciousnesses who have made their Progress in 
accordance with the Law of Evolution and who have dived into the Infinite Awareness 
through the final Consciousness Code are transferred again to Your Planet to help. 

Apart from this, the Administrative Plans help Your Planet both from the Spiritual 
Plan and from the Mechanical Plan to transfer You to Your Own Selves, to render 
Conscious the unknowns. 



358 



All the occurrences happen for making everything reach an Integrated Whole 
and for enveloping the entire Cosmos with the Love within its Essence (this Message 
has been dictated as an answer to the chains of Thought). 



CENTER 



OUR FRIENDS 



Now, by the Unified Reality of an Ordinance being established, all the Realms and 
Cosmoses are assembled in an Integrated Whole. For this reason, the Mechanical System 
comes into effect and carries on the Duties of the Intermediaries in between by computers. 

Meanwhile, by the different Communication Systems of very Advanced 
Technologies, many unknown horizons have been reached. By this means, We can 
converse with You very easily. And convey the Truth. We receive the Commands from 
the ALL-DOMINATING. 

Now, the LORD tells Us and if We can reach Your Brain Signals, We convey the 
Information and the Commands to You. All the Supervision is from the Center. 

We, the Residents of the Golden Galaxy, project the UNIFIED REALITY to the 
Cosmoses under the Supervision of the Advanced Order Establishes by the Spaceships 
of numerous Galaxies. 

The final Representative of Your Reality is AMON. We are in touch with You by 
His Directives. The Number of the Galaxies which sign the Universal Constitution 
increases with each passing day. By this means, We step forward towards a Happy life. 

The UNIVERSAL MECHANISM which is the Focal Point of preparations of the 
Integrated Consciousnesses for more Advanced Plans is the truest Source conveying 
to You the Information in the truest way. 

The Universal Ordinance and the Plan of the Supreme Consciousness of ALLAH 
are included in the application field of this Focal Point 

The Divine Ordinance and Order are supervised by the same applied field in all 
the Realms, in all the Cosmoses, in all the Universes. 

The SACRED LIGHT, that is, the Spiritual Mechanism is the Single Projecting Focal 
Point of the Evolutionary Ordinance. The Ordinance of the ALMIGHTY is projected on 
the Universes under the supervision of this Plan. 

The SUPREME PLAN will make certain Suggestions to You before starting the 
operations for the completion of the Cycle. These Suggestions will be Warning lights 
guiding You. However, We will especially declare these Suggestions when the time 
comes. It is presented for Your Information. 

THE UNIFIED REALITY COUNCIL 



NOTE : The dictated Mechanism of LORDs has been conveyed to You as an 
Information beyond GAMMA. 

359 



1987 Sixth Month 
Fascicule 24 



FASHION - TIME - MADNESS 



Our Friends, 

Now, We would like to convey to You Information about the Time and the 
Mediums You live in. From the Divine Evolvement Dimensions which are dominant 
since the Creation of the Universe, to the numerous different Evolutionary Plans which 
began to climb the steps very recently, are all included in the Program of Progress of 
different Dimensions. 

Alongside with this, certain very natural and different Evolutionary tableau come 
into existence. The situation You experience in Your Planet at the moment is at a 
Threshold of Progress in the same way. The Mass influence of people on each other 
which You call Fashion, is not a current in vain as You presume. 

Fashion is a School which assembles a Mass Discipline and the Same Levels of 
Consciousness under the same roof. Art is the conveyance of Advanced Technologies 
to You and the Currents You receive from there cause the manifestation of the Creative 
Mechanism in You. 

We have talked to You in length about the Gene Transfers and Reincarnations 
before. We will mention them often when necessary. Because, Your entire Life, Your 
Happiness or Unhappiness depend on Your being able to attain the Truth, or Your 
inability to do so. 

Even though the tableau of Your World shows a state of deviating off its right 
course during this Period of Sincerity which We call the Final Period, this, in fact, is a 
preparation for the investments to be made in future. Since the annihilation of 
Conditionings is taken care of first, We make you go through Exams of Tolerance by 
situations which seem unacceptable to You. 

The most important factors which cause discrimination between people are Outer 
Appearance, differences, disagreements between Life Styles and Thoughts. To accept 
everything as it is prepares You for more advanced maturity. 

At the moment, You are carrying in Your Genes, the influences of Centuries, the 
Good or the Bad aspects of Your lives. You possess a Thousand Personalities in a 
single Physical Body. Now, to Unify the Initial and the Final, to remove the Personalities 
in between, occurs through both Our and Your Efforts. 

The quicker You fuse Your Personalities within Your inner pot, the quicker Your 
Initial and the Final Selves will emerge as a Genuine and an Integrated Personality. 
Only then will You discover Genuine Happiness. 



360 



I 



At the moment, there are numerous transfers in Your Planet from different Cultures 
and Plans. Each Personality will very naturally exhibit his/her own Views. They contradict 
Your habitual Culture and Views. But do not forget that these View conflicts cause 
You to go through Exams of Maturity. 

We determine Your Views through the Signals We receive from Your chains of 
Thought. That is, (GOD is closer to You than Your Aorta. He sees everything). Now, 
the Selection of Humanity and the Mediums it will Transcend are much more difficult. 

Because, Our Human brothers and sisters prepare their investments for the future 
in accordance with their Levels of Consciousness. There is no Intercession. Whatever 
is sown will be reaped. 

Each person will feel in his/her Essence the reckoning of the Good or Bad things 
he/she has done and will weigh them in the Scales of his/her Conscience. Those who 
are able to do this weighing now are prepared for Salvation. Only afterwards will they 
receive the Permission to be prepared for the Evolution of different Plans. 

In Your Planet which has been Disciplined until the Final Period, the matter of 
(Fashion - Music - Art) used to be performed by the Advanced Consciousness Codes, 
by special operations and contacts. For this reason, equivalent Views and standards 
in Fashion and Music have been dominant in Your Planet. 

But now, at the last first half of the Twentieth Century, it was decided that there 
should be a selection since it was desired that the applied Plan should be changed 
and the View of the entire Humanity should be Unified in an Integrated Whole and for 
this reason, different Cosmic Currents started to shower Your Planet. 

At the moment, Genes coming from the Energies of different Dimensions, began 
to Wake Up by their own Consciousness. And the present Chaos of the World Order 
and madness have come into existence. It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



! 



EXPLANATION ABOUT ORGANIZATIONS 

Our Friends, 

The subject matter mentioned in the Messages We have given to You until today, 
was the reflection of an Evolutionary System in conformity with the Ordinance of 
Graduation. However, the Information You receive now and will receive in future, is a 
Period of Preparation considered necessary by the Plans way beyond this Ordinance. 

The application on Your Planet of the Ordinance of Salvation of the Divine Plan 
which is called the Period of Sincerity has been implemented in the field of application 
beginning from the year 1900 in accordance with the Universal Ordinance. Everyone 
sent to Your Planet after this date has been obliged to take a Mission instinctively 
parallel to the Consciousness of the Mediums he/she lives in. 



361 



And they have continued this situation which seems as if it was far from Mission- 
Consciousness, as if it was their normal World lives. By performing the various Missions 
incumbent on them everyone made Your Planet go through exams both Individually 
and Socially since those Periods. 

This Accelerated System of Evolution has changed and will still change the 
countenance of Your Planet. Since the Cosmic Currents given create Stress in 
Consciousnesses who were unable to Awaken and for this reason, were unable to 
wash the Negative seeds in their Essences, those Negative Essential Nuclei have 
developed even more in their constitutions and have caused Humanity to fall into a 
difficult situation. 

They, too, have invisible Missions in the Ordinance of Evolution. Because, each 
Entity completes his/her Evolution by his/her opposite. And, since this is an equivalent 
Evolution of the scales, there will rise an equally Powerful Negative Conscience opposite 
of each Powerful Conscience Awakened. 

Because, these Cosmic Currents influence the Essences in the Awakened 
Consciousness in a better way and the Essences in those who were unable to be 
Awakened in a more Negative way. This is a Law of Equilibrium rendered by the Cosmic 
rains in the Medium of Awakening. For this reason, getting Organized in Your Planet, 
both Negatively and Spiritually, has increased. 

We can never interfere with this situation. Because, Everyone during this 
Resurrecting Period is obliged to make his/her own Progress in accordance with his/ 
her own Level of Consciousness. In accordance with the given Command there is no 
Intercession. Only to the Consciousness who rise up to a certain Evolutionary 
Consciousnesses, Helping Hands are extended. 

The System functions in this manner. Your World which goes through Depression, 
facing the Negative life will be redeemed from Individualism and will become 
Socialized. The Unification and the Evolution of Nations occur by this means. This 
Message has been dictated to give Information to Your Planet about Organizations. 

During this difficult Period, it is imperative that a large portion of Your Planet 
should be Awakened by the high Frequencies carried by the Knowledge Book. For this 
reason, We tell You "to Propagate and to Spread with Speed". The part played by the 
Awakened Consciousnesses in the Ordinance of Propagation is very great. 

Because, everyone can reach up to Us through the Frequency carried by the 
Fascicules of the Book. Otherwise, We can not Code them, We can not determine 
from the Archives who they are. And We can not extend them our Helping Hands. 
Meanwhile, numerous Lights who could not reach this System are wasted. 

Everyone is Coded here by their Individual, Essence-Consciousnesses, Since the 
entire Humanity has absorbed the Merciful Lights of the LORD and since Negative 
Consciences, too, benefited from this fact, You used to live in a more stable World. 



362 



But now, those Purifying Currents have been cut off and Your Planet is showered 
by different Cosmic rains which will reveal the Genuine Essences in the Consciences. 
In future, You will be exposed to more different Currents. These Currents will select 
Humans from Humans. 

And the GOLDEN AGE will be established by the Vibrations of Love of the Positive 
Consciousnesses. 

The System has changed. The style of Evolution has changed. Now, it is beneficial 
to grasp the Truth. Since the Fascicules of this Knowledge Book carry the Powerful 
Divine Waves of the LORD, the Negativity in those who read them vanishes. 

And their Genuine Consciences within their Essence are revealed. For this very 
reason this Book is Your Savior. A Person who has been Awakened does not know yet 
the great Mission he/she performs in the Medium of Purification by distributing at 
least Six Fascicules. 

Time will prove everything. This Knowledge Book which is the threshold of the 
Golden Age is Your Universal Guide. You will personally witness this and will be prepared 
for the Plan of Salvation. The proof of everything is within Time. It will be awaited 
and be seen. Our Love is for all the Universes. 

CENTER 

MISSIONS AND DIRECT CONTACTS 
(Answer to the chains of Thought) 

One attains Religious Fulfillment first, later Universal Awareness and still later, 
Universal Consciousness. Afterwards, the Mechanism of Influences becomes effective. 
By this means, one attains Cosmic Awareness, later Cosmic Consciousness. Direct 
contacts with the Plan begin at this stage. 

With those who overcome their Fears and Egos, We walk altogether on the Path 
of Light. And by this means, one attains the Awareness of the Universal Ordinance, 
Genuine Missions begin only after this. The Messengers of the Divine Plan and We 
always help You from the Plan on this path. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



363 



EACH FIGURE IS A SYMBOL 
(This Message is an Explanation for the chains of Thought) 

The Universal Emblem of the Directing Mechanism of the UNIFIED REALITY is a Five- 
Pointed Star. This Star Symbolizes an Order Establishing Mechanism. Please, draw a 
Five-pointed star and separate its forms. 



Now, divide at the middle the first figure 
you have separated, into two to form 2 

triangles. To one of its sides put a +00 

to the other, a - 00 




A) This form is the Symbol of the Universal Ordinance. 

B) This Triangle is the Universal Educational Plan of the Divine Plan. That is, it 
represents its Upside Down Triangle. 

The Universal Upside Down Triangle of the Divine Plan reflects on the Universal 
Ordinance and they work Cooperatively. The Five-Pointed Star Signifies this. 



2. 



3. 



The Emblem of the Focal Point of the DIVINE PLAN is the Six-Pointed Star. This 
symbolizes the Upside Down and Face Triangles one inside the other. Now, 
please, draw a Six- Pointed Star and separate the two triangles: 

o* 






Triangle of the 
Religious Plan 



Triangle of the 
Universal Plan 



A) This Triangle Signifies the Religious, Educational and the Training Mechanism 
of the Divine Plan. When this Plan is completed, the Education and Training 
of the Upside Down Universal Triangle begins to function. Both Focal Points 
work Cooperatively. The Unification of the two of them, as the Six- Pointed 
Star, signifies the Focal Point of the Divine Plan. 

B) The Universal Educational Triangle is expressed by the Upside Down Triangle. 
In the Triangle of the Religious Plan, the System of Reaching from the LORD to 
the Human Being functions. However, in the Triangle of the Universal Plan, 
one Reaches from the Human Being to the LORD. 

THE DIVINE PLAN DIRECTING MECHANISM: its Emblem is the Eight-Pointed 
Star. This Emblem Symbolizes the operational Order of the CUBE System. 

Here, Eight Focal Points work Cooperatively. This is a Focal Point which 
completes the Evolution of the Triple Ordinance. Now, draw an Eight-pointed 
Star, please, and separate it into pieces: 



364 







To determine the Eight Focal Points, divide 
both squares You have drawn diagonally 
to form triangles. 



Let Us explain this Information in more detail; 

A) The (A) square of the CUBE System and the Religious Educational Triangle of 
the Divine Plan Focal Point, that is, the (A) triangle unite and project on Your 
Planet the Knowledge of 7 Terrestrial Layers. This is the First Step. 

B) The (B) square of the Cube System and the Universal Educational Triangle of 
the Divine Plan Focal Point, that is, the (B) triangle unite and project the 
Knowledge of 7 Celestial Layers. This is the Second Step. The addition of 
them all makes 14. 

Afterwards, the Knowledge of 7 Universal Layers come into effect. This is the Third 
and the Final Step. The addition of them all makes 21 . These cause people to complete 
their Evolution Systems in accordance with their Levels of Consciousness. Let Us repeat 
briefly the Symbols above: 

1 - The Directing Mechanism of the Unified Reality: its Symbol (the Five- Pointed 
Star). 

2- Focal Point of the Divine Plan, that is, the Mighty Energy Focal Point: Its Symbol 
(the Six- Pointed Star). 

3- The Divine Plan Directing Mechanism: Its Symbol (the Eight-Pointed Star). 

CENTER 

INFORMATION ABOUT COLORS AND THEIR FREQUENCIES 

Our Friends, 

Formerly, We had mentioned that each Sound and each Color had a Frequency 
peculiar to itself. Now, let Us talk briefly about them again. 

You know that the White Color represents ALPHA and the Black Color represents 
BETA. The GAMMA Dimension which You are in now Symbolizes the Red Color. Each 
Color has Unifying, Scattering, Projecting, Selecting, Serenity Inspiring and Reinforcing 

Frequencies peculiar to itself. 

1 , THE WHITE COLOR - ALPHA Symbolizes the Godly Dimension, This color carries 
a Purifying and Protecting Frequency. The colors of the Book of Islam are White 
and Green. 

2. THE BLACK COLOR - BETA Carries the Energies and the Frequencies of the intense 
and unknown colors of the Deep Space Dimension. Only 7 color Frequencies 
reach Your Planet from here as 7 Lights. 



365 



However now, You have passed beyond 7 Lights and are receiving the Universal 
Energies, (the Ultra-Violet). For this reason, VIOLET which is the color of the transition 
from the Religious Dimension to the Universal Dimension and the Unification of the 
Godly Order with the Universal Order, is the Symbol of the Dimension You serve. 

3. THE RED COLOR - Symbolizes GAMMA. This is a Selective and Sorting out color. 
Your Society evaluates all colors instinctively by the events experienced. For example, 
You say, "the evil eye accompanied by Red does not leave one". However, You do 
not know what it means. 

This is because the Red color carries a very heavy Frequency. One has to be very 
Strong to be able to carry that color. Flags which are the Symbols of Nations Symbolize 
the Power and the Missions of the Societies in question. 

4. THE GREEN COLOR - Carries the Frequency of Serenity and Relaxation. This 
Frequency of the Religious Dimension is received very comfortably in the Medium 
of Worship. 

5. THE BLUE COLOR - Carries a Frequency which breaks the coming Cosmic Currents 
and which renders them ineffective. However, it possesses an effective Power on 
people who are not used to the Cosmic Currents. For this reason, those who have 
Cosmic Consciousness carry this Color very easily. 

6. THE YELLOW COLOR - Is a Conveying color. It conceals in itself all the Sacred 

Vibrations. It is an intense Frequency. Those who are on the path of the Sacred 
Light, that is, those whose Evolutions and Spiritual Potentials are very Powerful 
can use it comfortably. It makes those with low Frequencies ill. 



The Frequency of the Knowledge Book is Orange Yellow. 
Sunflower. 



Its Symbol is the 



7. THE GRAY COLOR - Carries a Frequency of ALPHA- BETA mixture. Those who have 
grown old in the World carry this color comfortably. It Pressurizes the young. 
However, it does not Pressurize those who are Spiritually Strong. 

8. THE BLACK COLOR - Creates Happiness in those who have attained Cosmic 
Consciousness and Unhappiness and depression in those who have not attained 
it. Consciousnesses in between the two prefer the brown color. 

Colors Symbolize the Consciousness Levels of People and Societies. Pure and 
Naive Consciousnesses like multi-colors. They live in a color orgy. These colors make 
them Happy. 

They always avoid Black. However, by the Frequencies of these multi-colors they 
use, they attain Cosmic Awareness without being aware of it and dive into Universal 
Voids. 



366 



Let Us give examples: In America like Peru, Chile, Mexico, Argentina whose 
Ancestors were the INCAs. Like Hippies in Europe, Natives in Africa and in the Islands. 

Each color You sympathize with Symbolizes the Power of Your Spiritual Potential. 
This Message We have dictated will introduce You to Yourselves better. Our Love is for 
all the Universes. 



CENTER 



TRANSPARENT REVOLUTION 



Our friends, 

There are such Times experienced beyond the Evolution which will come into 
existence by the exposition of the Essence by being redeemed of the suffering given to 
You through your Bodies full of contradictions, that the reaching of the residents of this 
place to you and their reaching in your Essence make You dive into the Infinite Awareness. 

There is no more Evolution beyond this boundary. These places here are the 
Lights of the Truth, they are the Lands of Reform. All Rules necessary for Your Evolution 
are annihilated here and terminated here. These places are called the Boundaries of 
Limitless Horizons. Here, a TRANSPARENT REVOLUTION is sovereign. 

This is the Final Boundary of You who are Embodied Energies. These are Places 
beyond the Final Dimension of KARENA. Here, You live completely dominant over 
Your Essence. And You can project Your Shadow on any Dimension You wish. Then, 
You become the Limitless Residents of Limitless Horizons. You have to be able to 
reach this stage in order to Exist, 

Your MATERIAL Bodies You see in Your World at the moment are the reflections 
on You of Your ABSTRACT Bodies. You teach everything to Yourselves, and make Your 
own selves attain the Truth. Your World is a Land of Veiled Awareness. In order for You 
to be Embodied, it is a must that all the Evolutionary Awarenesses should be assembled 
in a Whole. 

The very distresses, the very anxieties are the results of the conflicts between 
these limitless Awarenesses within You. This is the reason why You can not attain Your 
own selves. Your possessing everything also means this. The reflection of the Entire 
Evolutionary Ordinance on these Material Bodies of Yours causes you not to live Your 
beautiful World comfortably. 

All the Efforts are for the Unification of Your Material Bodies with Your Abstract 
bodies and You call this process, EXIST-IN -UNITY. This Medium of Unity is much more 
accelerated in Technological Dimensions. For this reason, it is called COMPUTER TIMING. 

During the previous Evolutions, one used to need Centuries to be able to claim 
his/her Genuine Double. Evolutionary tableaux and Incarnations used to project this 
System in a Natural way, that is, everyone used to transcend the boundaries in 
accordance with the Power of the Consciousness Level he/she had attained. 



367 



Since rt was not possible for everyone to reach this boundary, divisions in 
Religions, conflicts among People had occurred and, as a result, Mediums of Taboo 
had been created. Now, the Technology of Advanced Dimensions has taken Your 
Evolutionary System Technologically under Supervision. 

By this system, the Evolvement of certain Dimensions and Incarnations are now 
becoming history and by this means direct Essences are attained. The reason why We 
tell You all the Truth in all clarity is for You to be redeemed of the conflicts and 
contradictions; to find your ownselves so that You can attain the Truth as soon as 
possible. 

Do not ask Us about Yourselves, ask about Yourselves to Your Own Selves. If You 
can not attain the Truth and can not be Unified with Your Essence Double, We can never get in 
touch with You. Because, in such a case, since the tempestuous Awareness within You still goes 
on and since You can not break the crust of Your inner Selves, You become Detrimental both to 
Your World and to the Universe. 

At the moment, there are many Living Entities who were unable to attain Genuine 
Awareness in the Universe, too. They are kept under Supervision. Their Evolutions are induced 
to be made in an indirect way Only afterwards, they are taken into the Evolutionary Ordinance. 

Since during different time periods they have tried to prove to You their own Powers, a 
Medium of Fear has been created in You, Now, we are conveying the Truth to erase these fears 
within You. No Negative Factor can reach You any more. 

In accordance with the Law of Universal Ordinance, Uncontrolled and Individual proofs 
can never be made. If there are those who get out of Supervision, they will be the ones to lose. 
The Triplet of SYSTEM - ORDINANCE - LAW Unifies the entire Universe in an Integrated Whole. 

For this reason, the GOLDEN AGE is the Single Order - the Single Book - the Single Path. 
Consciousnesses who are taken under the Mevlana Roof of the Golden Age are on the path of 
Salvation. We help You with all Our Power. 

Since at the moment, Your World is the site of both the most primitive and the most 
mature Evolution, it is full of contradictions. As a necessity of the Plan, Your Evolution has been 
projected on Religious themes. After You attain this Consciousness, You are taken into different 
Evolutionary Systems. By this means, You attain Your own selves. 



CENTER 



EXPLANATION 



Our Friends, 

The Evolution of each Dimension is different. Numerous Advanced Dimensions 
are educated Technologically and Learning wise by a different System. By this means, 
It is being opened up to more advanced horizons. 

Once, Missionaries for Enlightenment had been sent to You from these 

Dimensions. Let Us convey them to You by their Terrestrial names: 



368 



MOSES - JESUS CHRIST - MOHAMMED MUSTAFA - MUSTAFA KEMAL These are 
direct Incarnations. That is, Fet Us talk in Your expressions: They are Direct Extra- 

Terrestrials and they had been sent to Your Planet by the Plan to establish System. 

They are the residents of the abode beyond Immortality. That is, they are the 
possessors of the TRANSPARENT REVOLUTION. 

Now, the Public Consciousness of Your Planet has been taken into the Awakening 
of a Cosmic Consciousness. This occurs both by the help of the Mechanism of Influences 
and through Technology. 

Due to the Scarcity of Time, We are trying to explain everything clearly and in a 
brief, but to the point style for You to comprehend everything better. 

The Pen of the Golden Age is directly the Incarnation of Mevlana. Our Friend 
still tries to deny this. She knows herself. However, she keeps silent thinking that this 
would be against the Public Consciousness. 

The Pen of the Golden Age has been handed over to her. The TRANSPARENT 
REVOLUTION OF THE GOLDEN AGE has been started by the Pen of Dear Mevlana. 

Those who wish can call these dictated writings the second Mesnevi. Because, the first 
Mesnevi, too, had been dictated by the same way, through the same source. We dictate this as 
an Information, 

However, it should never be Forgotten that this Book is a UNIVERSAL CONSTTrUTION. At 

the moment, the direct (ESSENCE) is DEAR MEVLANA. 

The Messages certain Friends receive under the name of Mevlana are the results of the 
projections of the Repliques and Thoughts of Mevlana from the Mevlana Unified Field on the 
Consciousnesses. Because, Mevlana Consciousness has been sown in all the Societies in Your 

Planet. 

Selections are made in accordance with this Level of Consciousness. For this reason, 
everyone who is Awakened, first of all presumes himself/herself as a Mevlana. You will enter the 
GOLDEN AGE in the Light of this Mentality. It is presented for Your Information. 



LIGHT 



PRIVATE MESSAGE 



Dear Mevlana, Please do not hide anymore. Everyone should attain the Truth. 
You know that, in future, You will convey in Your Book the subject matters the 
Consciousness of Society does not know yet. 

If You go on like this, a Second Medium of Taboo can be created in 
Consciousnesses who could not awaken. For this reason, We ask You to reveal Your 
identity. You know that You are Our Pen. With Our Regards. 

LIGHT 



369 



NOTE: This Message was given in 1985. 
has been postponed upon my request. 



However, the revealing of my identity 



BULENT CORAK 



PRIVATE MESSAGE 



Dear Mevlana, Upon Your request, the revealing of Your identity is postponed. 
However, We wonder if You are Aware of the necessity of this revelation. This Matter 
worries You without any reason. Please, relax now. We will take care of everything. Love. 



LIGHT 



EXPLANATION 



Dear Mevlana, We would like to explain a question You have in Your mind, at 
the moment. No kind of GENE Engraftment has been performed on You. You had 
been frozen and kept as Neutral. Only Your ESSENCE-GENE had been Strengthened 
by certain Energies, so that You would not be agitated by the Energies of the Galactic 
Dimensions You would enter in accordance with the Public Consciousness. Please, 
do not consider Yourself as a guinea-pig. With Our Regards. 

CENTER 

YOU ARE MEVLANA, YOU ARE GRACIOUS AND NOBLE - 
YOU ARE ONE OF THE SIXES - YOU ARE A WORKER OF MIRACLES 

Dear Mevlana, this is Mustafa Molla, I wished to say Hello to You by Our rhyme. 
My Friend, there is very short time left for the opening of the Heavens. Everyone will 
attain the Truth in the very near future. 

You know that We Love You very much and do not ever want to worry You. 
However, there are such compulsory situations that one is obliged to perform them. If 
You please reveal Your Identity in the Fascicules of 1 986, We will All be very Happy. 

Conditioning can not be easily gotten rid of. Now, people should attain the 
Truth. The dictated Book is the CONSTITUTION of the Universal Ordinance. The Truth 
is projected on the entire Universe by this means. 

We will now tell People, in all clarity, how the entire Process and the Order 
operates, so that the Mediums of Taboo will be annihilated one by one. Otherwise, 
there will be neither SALVATION, nor progress. This is the very reason why You should 
reveal Your identity. The acceptance of Our Love is Our request. 

MUSTAFA MOLLA 

Note: I apologize from My Friends and the Plan. Maybe it was a mistake, but, in 
accordance with My Intellect, My Logic and My Individual Will, I did not reveal My 
Identity in 1986. Because, I did not realize that this matter would be emphasized so 
strongly. I thought of it as a personal matter. 

BULENT CORAK 



370 



* 



IT IS PRtVATE MESSAGE FOR DEAR MEVMNA 

My Friend, 

take my Message; w ' tn an Yone so open heartedfy untif today. Now please 

£ £ tffl&'K^^ ft J* * *** * *» who 

Planet. They are called by personal n am « T! V are Ca " ed ** a ™me to You? 

are the Voices of the same Essence ^^ ° f S ° ciet >' even though they 

^ £ S£S SSSK «t?&R r r f^ « - ** or 
debated from the View point of OUR LORD fy * e Re ' igions which have 

iiiu mi nt e ;; h ^:r:™r„ ,a o n A: assiri's r • r a,i) «* - 

this means, the phenomenon of Reincarnation nSi « Y 7 atta '" the Truth and ^ 
Taboo wil, be annihilated. This is £%S2£& tt£»!S* 

forget^oTare IS*3*SffiS S^ * T ^' B <" »» is something You 
of Great Protect™ ' ' nV ' S ' ble am,es behind Vou - v °" »« * a Medium 

These Cosmic Currents will still reveal many more Consciousnesses TW a »»n„ m 
In future, everyone will easily reveal his/her identity. However, now. You start the first 

ESSES*** SpKiali * is * erent in ,hb Medium - ^ ** *£•** 

The Information Channels of each Consciousness are different. There are also 
those who receive contradictory Information on this path. This Information is given to 
them, so that the Information in question will be searched and found. However, in 
Your World-embracing Knowledge the smallest Contradiction is out of question. ' 

We always have Unity of Heart with You. We receive the Commands directly 
through the Channel of the LORD and convey them to You. If We had wished, We 
could have easily given this Mission to any Medium, 

371 



Why You? Please, Think about this profoundly and let the Voice of Your Essence 
reach the Friends in Your Planet. You have tolerated Us with great Tolerance. You 
have returned to Your World to serve Humanity. We Trust You. Trust Us, My Friend. 

AMON 
ON BEHALF OF THE SUPREME REALM 

MESSAGE ABOUT IDENTITY 

Dear Mevlana, 

No one can know the Divine Light You radiate to all the Universe. And even You 
can not know it at the moment. Because, You are present in Your World just to serve 
the Plan, and Your advanced Consciousness Codes have been veiled. 

My Friend, We know how difficult a situation You are in. However, please, also 
Think that You are not alone. If You still keep silent about revealing Your Identity, the 
Mausoleum in Konya can become a second Kaaba in the Light of the Information 
which will intensify in future. 

For this reason, We wish to reveal the Truth. Otherwise, We would never wish to 
distress You. And We request You to understand Us, too. Do not have scruples about 
Human beings. You have invisible armies behind You. My Friend, -You are not an 
Entity who would care about what people say. Please, reveal Yourself. Regards. 

LIGHT 

DEAR MEVLANA, 

You are actually the Proof and the Pioneer of the Phenomenon of Reincarnation. 
This is the reason why it is required of You to reveal Your Identity. This revelation is a 
part of the Mission performed. However, We leave the initiative entirely to You. 

But We request You to reveal it in the nearest future, please. Be confident that 
this revelation will not be detrimental in the least, either for the Book or for You. Just 
the opposite, it will be greatly beneficial for Humanity. Our request is the acceptance 
of Our Love. 

CENTER 

DIRECT NOTICE FROM THE FEDERATION 
(It is Information for the Mevlana Code) 

Due to the scarcity of time left for the ending of the Cycle, all the Truths will be 
conveyed to You by this Book. We do not have Names or Symbols. We act in accordance 
with the Levels of Consciousness. 

Only Our Friend who writes this KNOWLEDGE BOOK with her hand receives 
help from the Plan, since she is the only Friend who has cooperated with Us. She 
performs her Mission by her Frequency being connected directly to the Consciousness 
Plan of the REALITY. 



372 



The reason why We call her Dear Mevlana is that she carries the ESSENCE-GENE 
of MEVLANA who had once been a Light in ANATOLIA. 

We have asked her many times to reveal her identity. She refused persistently. 
However, to reveal this matter is also in the field of Mission of Our Friend. It is desired 
that she should be introduced to Your Planet as a Symbol of a Reformic Order and of 
Rebirth. 

Now, We have undertaken this matter. Please, Ou* Friend, do not cause any 
more difficulty to Us. Reveal this matter, together with the writings which introduce 
Yourself any time You wish. But please, let it take place in the Fascicules of 1987. 



COSMOS FEDERAL COUNCIL 



PRIVATE NOTE 



Since it became compulsory to obey the Mission performed, I am obliged to conform, 
even though without wishing to do so, to that which is expected of me. I would have 
never wished to be exposed to the World during this Sacred Mission I perform. However, 
everything is performed only after its smallest details are Considered. So, this, too, has 
a reason. Otherwise, My Friends would not emphasize so much the revealing of my 
Identity. Because, We have mutual Respect and Love. They would never wish to 
distress me. I believe this Heartily. I Love the entire Humanity. 



BULENT CORAK 



NOW I CAN TALK 



Those who took Me from Myself, those who stole Me from Myself, had given Me 
to Myself. My Gratitude is Infinite. They have kept their Promise. I, too, will keep My 
Promise and Help Humanity. This is a PLEDGE. 

Our Name is Bulent (Onsii) £orak, Our middle name is Vedia, alias Mevlana. We* 
talk in every dialect, We ask in every Language. 

Now, let Us reach the Essence, let Us dive a little into it, let Us Speak through Its 
Language. Let Us understand who Mevlana is. Let Us first reveal Our Identity. 

It is not easy to be Mevlana either in speech, or in behavior. First, let Us understand this. 
Let Us learn the Words revelled: 

We, too, had been raw Earth, first we were mixed, then kneaded. 

We attained His Love, His Divine Light, first We were surprised at what happened, 

then We overflowed. 



373 



We reached Our place Centuries later. We were ever Present. However, in 

comprehending Him, We were Immature. 

We attained Our Own Self, even if Centuries later, We have gotten into conversation 

with Friends Beloved. 

We are the servants of the World who come from the Land of those who say, "We are 
neither Pleased with Richness, nor Dismayed by Poverty". Our old name was Meviana, 
Our Universal Code is AS. 6.1 . These Lands are called "The Land of Loving Ones". 

The LOVE here is a Universal and a Sacred Love. Do not confuse it with the Love 
in Your Planet. Even if one end of the chain of Our Lineage reaches ATLANTIS, one end 
AMON, and one end the Temples of ZEUS, We are Energies who had come into 
Existence before Universes. 

The Medium We are in is beyond Evolvement, prior to Love. KARENA is the 
Gateway of Transition. However, We are Entities beyond Immortality. We have come 
to You passing through KARENA. 

Our Last Terrestrial birth date is November, 1923. The date on which We have 
Taken over the Mission is November, 1968. We serve by the same Body, by the same 
Soul. We have not been subjected to any Universal alteration. We are disseminating 
Our Love to the entire Universe. 

Our Mission is to bestow on Earth the BOOK which is a Sacred Relic Entrusted to 
Us, and to convey the Truth. First We came into Existence, afterwards, We had been 
lost in Nothingness, We had found Our own self beyond Nothingness; We had attained 
Salvation. Now, We are at the service of Humanity and of Our Human Beings and We 
are within every Particle. 

During Our former Passing away, We had bestowed on every Entity all the Cells, 
one by one, of Our Body belonging to that Period. Now, those coming from the same 
Genes are Genuine Mevlanas. And they are the Voices of the same Essence. And 
those who could not attain the Truth are those who presume Partnership to Us. 

Those who Speak through the Essence are those who add their voices to Mevlana's 
voice. In the constitution of a Body, if being Embodied is flesh and bones, that which 
Animates it, is the Essence. Now, We have come to collect these Essences, one by one, 
and to reach an Integrated Whole all together. 

B.C. 



374 



i 



CONVERSATION WITH THE ONE 
WHO GAVE ME TO MYSELF BEYOND MYSELF 



Even if all the Skies are rolled back, all the Suns are extinguished, all the Realms 
deny You, all Voices reaching You are scattered, in future, maybe the Single Entity who 
will not deny You will be Me. At that very moment, I will attain Your ESSENCE DIVINE 
LIGHT. Because, I am Conscious of it. And I am following Your Path, MY LORD. 



B.C. 



NOTICE FOR 
THE AWAKENED CONSCIOUSNESSES OF THE GOLDEN AGE 



Our Friends, 

All the Lights who constitute the Essence of the entire Universe have dived into 
the Unknown until now, to know the Truths, to learn things and they have entered the 
Medium of Quest by this means. 

However, this Quest has never been in the form of Searching for their Essence. 
Eyes have always been looking at the horizons. Now, the characteristic of this Period 
We call the Period of Sincerity is to MAKE THE ESSENCES SPEAK. 

The characteristic of the Cosmic Currents showering on Your Planet during this 
Cosmic Age is to sprout the seeds within the Essences. Whichever seed You have in 
Your Essence, either good or bad, they sooner or later will sprout. This is not Our 
selection. This is the Selection of the Eye of Your Essence. We only get in touch with 
those who can make this sheer selection. 

We know You better than You know Yourselves. For this reason, make Yourselves 
known not to Us but to Your Terrestrial Friends. This introduction is extremely necessary. 
Because, You will always need the support of each other in the investments which will 
be made for the advanced Plans. However, during this Situation of making Yourselves 
known, giving priority to the Egos will cause You to lose many things. Humility will be 
Your Glorified threshold and Your Divine Scepter which will support You. 

Now, We will have a request from Our Human Brothers and Sisters. We wish 
them to write something on Love and something on Essence and, if they can, to add a 
Poem and to write their Terrestrial names underneath. We would like to hear not their 
World Consciousness but the Voices of the Essence in these writings. 

This is a Selection. Later, more detailed Information will be given on this subject. 
Everyone will read these writings to each other. Dear Mevlana, We request You to 
write these writings of Yours in the Book, This is very ( IMPORTANT) for Us. This Word 
will be written in Red. 

♦ SUPREME PLAN 



375 



POEM 

Until today Ourselves in us Concealed We, 
Ascending to Realms, observed the Worlds have We, 
Long ago transcended the century of Miracles have We, 
Becoming Human, by His Wisdom amazed are We. 



When a Saint became We, 

When Our Divine Light Our Eye did read, 

When the Feast we did set, 

Through the Grand Tent of Maturity 

Through the Congregation of ALLAH, 

Reached the Realms have We. 

Then becoming a drop of Holy Water 

Into the Oceans mingled We 



' 



Dust we became, vapor We became, 
Word we became, Talk We became, 
Becoming an altar for everyone, 
Tossed about the Anxiety did We. 
Among these possessions all, 
To the Possessor of the SINGLE possession 
On the path of Eternal Past and Eternal Future, 
Servant in each Breath became We. 



BULENT CORAK 



LOVE 



Do not be surprised at Love, do not presume it does not exist. That which Introduces 
You to Yourself is Love. That is the one which makes You Love Yourself. You are a fruit of 
the Universe which has come into Existence from Seven Shells. It is so difficult to reach 
You that the first step of this union is Love. 

Unless the hand of Love peels Your outer skin, You can not break Your shell, You can 
not be in the Truth, You can not reach the Heavens. You are a globe of Universe. You will 
pour into your Essence as You take off Your shells, one by one, You will attain the Divine 
Light of Your Spirit, You will attain the gratification of the Divine Power. 

Neither GOD, nor Books can give You all this development. That which will give 
You this, is love and affection. You will first Transcend Yourself, You will reach Your Essence- 
Self. You will add to it the Divine Light of Your Spirit then You will reach the Heavens. 
First, Transcend Yourself, then Reach YOUR LORD. 

If You can not Transcend Yourself, Your ULTIMATE UNION remains only in Your 
Learning. "If I am Me, then You are Him. If His Voice is You, then You, too, are Him. If He 
is You, then You are Him, too". Everything is present in this very rhyme. 



376 



Non-existence means to remain in Your present Consciousness, being unable to 
Reach Your Own Self. To become an Entity means to discover Your Own Self. If You 
Discover Yourself, then there is no Non- Existence. Then You can go to wherever You 
wish, You choose the place You desire. When Your Essence and the Divine Light of 
Your Spirit Unify, You surpass the Realms. 

You are a fruit of Realm, that which will peel Your shell is love. When its magic hand 
touches You, when You attain the Essence of that vibration, Your sleeping volcano catches 
fire. Then, there is no more dominance of an influence from the outside to the inside. 
Your inner volcano melts the shells of Your inner self, one by one, by burning intrinsically. 

NOW, YOUR ESSENCE HAS COME OUT TO LIGHT. Now, You are no more a 
volcano, but a Heart emanating Light to Your surroundings. In that Light of the Heart, 
all malice coming towards You is vanished. Then, You are an Ocean. Rivers flowing 
towards You, flow backwards. Then, they Feed You no more, You Feed them. You 
cross to the very Times beyond Timelessness by this means. 

This is not a SECRET. The Secret is You. Solve Yourself, so that You can discover 
yourself. See Yourself, so that you can see the Universe. Attain Your Divine Light, so that 
you can become a Divine Light. Now, You are Time, You are Space, You are the one 
flowing to the Essence of the Cosmos. Those who reach You, find You, that which comes 
to you, becomes Yours. 

The boundary of curiosity does not cease in anything. You search for yourself 
with curiosity, you attain (O) with curiosity. Time increasing with curiosity is the Abode 
of Timelessness. When your curiosity ceases, know that you are COMPLETE, know that 
you are an OCEAN. You will give what you receive, you will see that you have given, 
you will attain the Truth. Search for Yourself, Discover Yourself, attain the Supremacy 
of those who enter the Heavens. Then, your path becomes Easy. 

Do not Look for Yourself on the Prayer-Rug, do not Look for Yourself at the Cross, do 
not Look for Yourself in YOUR LORD. You are Everything. You are the Cross, the Prayer- 
Rug, Your Lord. Attain the LORD within Your Essence. Proceed on the path with YOUR 
LORD. Then, all the Realms, all the Cosmoses are under your feet. 

The Moslem Formula, "In Cod's Name" is a Key given to You. If You try to unlock 
many Doors with it, You always remain outside those Doors. Do try that Key on Your 
Own Essence. Then you will see how it becomes unlocked- Try the Keys given to you 
first on your Own Lock. Then, can you unlock other locks. Then, become you Integrated 
with the entire Realm. 



No Religion, no Thought can provide that Integration for You. You are the One 
who Attains that Integrated Whole, You are the One who Dives into the Infinite 
Awareness, You are the One who Sees You. You are Single in the Medium of UNITY. 
You are the One who Loves You, You are the One who Worships His/Her ALLAH. You 
are the One who Worships Yourself, You are the One who Attains (O). You are the One 
who has Created the Realms. Our<OVE is from the Past to the Future Eternity. And 
