And the Brain tries to complete its circuit brokenly in accordance with the degree 
of this collapse. From then on, the Coordinates of the System are no more equivalent. 
A zigzag operational circuit becomes effective and You call such People Mad. In fact, 
Mad people are very Intelligent (if there is no Physical defect in the Brain). 

When their circuits of Intellect are closed their Instinctive System Channels become 
directly effective. By this means, they Get in Touch by path of the Heart and they 
begin to communicate with their Inner Worlds. However, since the chain of Intellect - 
Logic is not in effect, they are unable to control themselves. 

After an Entity attains his/her Potential of Awareness through the path of the 
Intellect, he/she is taken into the Circuit of Consciousness. They all manifest in a 
circuit within the Mental Potential. The System of Perception becomes effective only 
by the Awareness Consciousness (Awareness Consciousness is the unification of the 
internal circuit and the external circuit). 

The Awareness Layers within the Cerebral Potential, too, have very special 
Message Compartments peculiar to themselves. And, within these compartments, 
there are very complex receptive signal fibres. 

These small Awareness compartments are opened by the Mental Potential. From 
there, a transition is made to the Consciousness Layers. And from there, one is 
connected to the Realization Circuit. 

Only then is the Awareness Consciousness circuit opened completely to the 
Perceptual System from the operational Medium and, by this means, it begins to receive 
the Influences. The layers of Awareness - Consciousness - Intellect given to You formerly 
are established by this means. 

IT IS THE TONGUE OF THE ORDINANCE 



455 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

We have said that Thought was an Energy beyond Matter. Now, let Us explain it 
in more detail: 

The Energy beyond Matter is an Energy beyond the Existential Boundary. 
However, this Power which comprises the very advanced Dimensions of the Spiritual 
Plan is projected on the Universal Energies in an operational Order parallel to the 
Existential Ordinance. 

This projection Unifies with the SPIRITUAL FACTOR and Your Spiritual Bond is 
developed. Afterwards, We connect this bound to the Energy of the SPIRITUAL 
DIMENSION. And, afterwards, We transfer it to the Universal operational Program of 
the MECHANICAL SYSTEM. 

By this means, Your Cellular and Physical Energies are held together by this Power 
and thus, Your Terrestrial lives and operations are provided. 

Godly Dimension is the Technological Dimension. The Material Form of the Cell 
is prepared there. The Spiritual Dimension is Natural Power, the Natural Energy. The 
two Dimensions always work together. The Unification of these two Powers creates 
Your Terrestrial Forms. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 

GENERAL INFORMATION 
(It is Answer to the Chains of Thought) 

Our Friends, 

The diagram about the Lordly Order (1987 5th Month, page 355) which We 
had made You draw is only the diagrammatic operational order of the Mechanism of 
the Lords. 

This Order is a chain of Systems which works in connection with the ALL- 
DOMINATING. However, the Plan of the ALMIGHTY is an Ordinance, an Order, a Law 
of Natural Unification which is tried to be conveyed to You by the Technological 
Dimensions completely depending on the Natural Laws. 

Both Systems work Cooperatively. One of them works, the Other projects. The 

entire Natural Energy Exists by the Energy Power projected by this Power. 

The diagram We had made You draw to introduce the operational Order of the 
Mechanism of Lords is a Crystal Giirz*. This Crystal Gurz is an Atomic Whole. 

And in this Whole, the projecting Focal Points and the operational Orders of 
numerous Systems and Ordinances are present. Let Us explain this Atomic Whole, 
briefly: 

* Look a[ [he Glossary. 



456 



The Atomic Whole is not single. There are more than billions of Atomic Wholes. 

These Atomic Wholes are floating, as Crystal balloons, connected to each other 
like a chain, in the OCEAN OF THE GREAT POWER'S THOUGHT UNIVERSE, which, in 
future, will be given to You as more detailed Information. 

Each Atomic Whole, that is, each Crystal Giirz, contains 1800 Existential 
Dimensions. Each EXISTENTIAL Dimension is a MINI ATOMIC WHOLE. There is a 
separate Ring of HORIZON on top of each Mini Atomic Whole. 

This Ring of Horizon is on the outside of that Mini Atomic Power. The Spiritual - 
Lordly - Technological Order projects its operations on its own System from here. 

Each Crystal Giirz can not know the Order of the other Crystal Giirz. No Energy 
can pass from one to the other. They only convey to each other the POWER OF THE 
THOUGHT UNIVERSE by their projectors which We call OKs. Each Crystal Giirz is a 
closed circuit. 

However, the operational Orders of all the Crystal Giirzes are the same, but their 
Evolutionary Orders are different. Each of the 1 800 Existential Dimensions which form 
each Crystal Giirz, that is, each Atomic Whole is a Mini Atomic Whole. 

In this Existential Dimension, there are more than billions of Galactic Clusters, 
Universe Clusters, Cosmoses and Realms. In future, We will explain to You a Universe 
in detail. 

In accordance with this Information which will be given, You will be able to 
evaluate the Mini Atomic Wholes and the Crystal Giirz which is their Integrated Whole 
better in Your Thoughts. 

We would have liked to explain this Information in more detail. However, during 
this period there are such Information to be given to You that, for this reason, We wish 
to convey the Information parallel to the questions We receive from each chain of 
Thought in accordance with Your Capacities in the Knowledge Book. 

Because, such a Medium will be entered that We do not want anyone's Mental 
Function to produce other Thoughts and to exhaust his/her Energy due to this. These 
Energies are necessary for the Essence of Mankind. 

For this reason it was asked of You to accept Your Sacred Books, as they were, 
with Allegiance Consciousness. Allegiance Consciousness is the shortest way which 
will make You attain Your own selves. 

During this Final Age, the Religious educational Programs are in effect, unveiling 
in accordance with the Level of Consciousness of Each Person. This is a Program of 
Training. But the operations in the Knowledge Book are a Program of Attaining. 



457 



Consciousnesses who have achieved Religious Fulfillment, who have grasped 
the Truth are accepted into this Plan. The SUPREME MECHANISM, that is, the DIVINE 
PLAN is rendering and preparing this Selection. 

Each person can find the answers to all of his/her Mental questions only in this 
Knowledge Book. No other Book can answer the questions in the depths of Your 
Thoughts. They only make You float on the surface of the lake. 

But, to dive into the bottom of the lake is a matter of Permission. For this reason 
this Book carries both a Selecting and a Transmitting and a Training characteristic. 
Deserving is a Phenomenon belonging to the Person's own self. There is no forcing in 
anything. It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



THE WORLD EVOLUTIONARY PLAN 



Our Friends, 

The Living Entities coming into Existence in each Existential Dimension have 
Evolutionary phases. The DIVINE ADMINISTRATIVE LAWS Supervise this. This is realized 
by projecting on You the Triple Mechanism. This Triple Mechanism is as follows: 

1 . The First Universe, This is the Light-Universe. It is called the DIMENSION OF 
THE ALMIGHTY. 

2. The Second Universe, This is the EXISTENTIAL Dimension. It is the Biological 
Universe. 

3. The Centrifugal Universe, It is the DIMENSION OF THE ALL-DOMINATING. It is 
under His Administration. 

Your World is in the Third Dimension. Its Vibrational Frequency is the First DO 
Frequency of the MUSICAL UNIVERSE (the Musical Universe is ALTON A). Evolutionary 
scales are assessed in accordance with these Universal Frequencies. The evolution of 
the World is completed in Three Steps. 

1 . 7 Terrestrial Knowledge (between the 3rd and the 4th Dimensions). It has 7 
Layers. 

2. 7 Celestial Knowledge (Second Evolutionary station). It is completed in the Four 
Layers of the Fourth Dimension. 

3. 7 Universal Knowledge (received by the Consciousness of the Sixth and the 

Seventh Dimensions). 

The Third and the Fourth Dimensions are Biological Dimensions. Both work 
Cooperatively. In the two Tranquil Times of the Fifth Dimension, both Your Cells and 
Your Bodies of Light are Purified in the Relaxation pools and are Engrafted with 
INCOMBUSTIBLE ENERGIES and thus, they are Unified. 



458 



Beginning with the FIFTH SUPREME TIME, You are Engrafted with the Energies of 
different Dimensions. And are gradually subjected to Embodiment to be born into the 
DIMENSION OF IMMORTALITY (The Energies of the Supreme Times in KARENA gain 
value from the high towards the low). 

During the transition to the Fifth Dimension You leave Your Biological Bodies. In 
the Two Tranquil Times there, You exist as an image of Pure Energy. Inside the Body 
which is like a rainbow of Light, the Eye of Your Essence is seen. 

This is the Vision less image of the Fetus. The Fifth Dimension of Karena is a preparation 
equivalent to the (9 months 10 days) period corresponding to Your World time. 

When You come to the First Supreme Time, that is, to the Final Gate of Karena, 
You are born with a Biological Body to the SIXTH DIMENSION which is the Dimension 
of Immortality. There, You are a Free Spirit, a Free Awareness (You become the rulers 
of Your own Bodies). 

You claim Your Spiritual Energies in the SEVENTH DIMENSION. And You become 
Integrated. In the Sixth Dimension, You live connected to Your Spiritual Energies by a 
Silver Cord just like in the World. 

We had said that the Seven Terrestr. ... Knowledge were 7 layers. Now, let Us 
explain this: 

1 . The First Layer is the Layer of Unconsciousness. In fact, it is not even considered 
a Layer. It acts dependent on the second Layer (Medium of Confusion, Spadium). 
This place is a floating Energy pool. 

2. Layer of attaining Awareness (The First Evolutionary Light is received there). 

3. Layer of Consciousness 

4. Layer of Realization 

5. Layer of Formal Worship 

6. Layer of Worship through the Heart 

7. Layer of Consciousness-Worship 

The Seven Terrestrial Knowledge is the Program of Religious Teaching. This 
Knowledge is valid until the beginning of the Fourth Dimension which is the First Gate of 
Karena. This place is the Final Boundary of the INCARNATION Link. Those who complete 
this Evolution are considered to have rendered an Evolution equivalent to their Energies 
which are in the Spiritual Plan and deserve to enter the Fourth Dimension. 

The Seven Celestial Knowledge is received in the FOURTH DIMENSION. This 
place is called the Dimension of HEAVEN. There are Four Layers in this Dimension. It 
is the Second Evolutionary station. There, You are subjected to the Evolution of the 7 
Celestial Knowledge. In this Dimension, too, You live with Biological Bodies, just like 
in the World. 



459 



However, there is the following difference; You come to the World through birth 
and You live there Embodied. But, You come here by leaving Your Terrestrial Bodies 
and You revive by Your Bodies of Light being Beamed Up to Your Bodies present in 
here. And You instantly stand up in Your Thirty -year old forms. You complete Your 
Evolution in this Dimension without getting old at all. 

The Four Layers of the Fourth Dimension are as follows: 

1 . The First Layer is the (Layer of Fulfillment). If You have any dissatisfactions per- 
taining to the World, here, fulfillment is provided for them. 

2. In the Second Layer, by attaining Spiritual Wholeness, connections with Divine 
Friends are provided. 

3. In the Third Layer, You are introduced to the Technological Dimension and are 
habituated to the Information of Space. 

4. In the Fourth Layer, Mental journeys are taught. You are rendered to make Uni- 
versal journeys in UFOs and You are told the Truth {Now, You are induced to 
make this Second Evolution in the World). 

At the end of the Fourth Layer, those who complete this Evolution are made to 
sleep and are subjected to Cellular Decomposition. Here, the Cellular Freezing System 
is in effect. The Covenants and the Signatures with the Plan take place in this 
Dimension. By this means, You are taken into the Program of the Educating Staff. 

Those who do not make Agreements with the Plan complete all their Evolutions 
after the Sixth Dimension and live comfortably in any Dimension they desire within 
the Atomic Whole. Those who make Agreements with the Plan complete all their 
Evolutions after the Sixth Dimension and serve in any Dimension they desire, by forward 
and reverse transfers and by taking Missions under the Supervision of the Plan. 

As a reward for this service, they deserve to live outside the Atomic Whole. 
Because, no Energy can go out into that Medium by his/her own desire. Transfers are 
made here by the aid of the Plan by freezing the Spiritual Energies. 

The Energy who is sent to the Fifth Dimension becomes saturated with the 
Incombustible Energies in the Two Tranquil Times. This Energy provides Your easy 
entrance into the Zone Energies of the Dimension of the three Planets up to the 
ASTEROID zone (VENUS - MARS - MERCURY) in which You will complete Your other 
Evolutions after the Sixth Dimension which is the Dimension of Immortality. 

You Supervise these adaptations through Your Thoughts. Afterwards, You may 
make a transition to the Seventh Dimension. This is the Final Manifestation Boundary 
of Humanity (it is called the Level of Perfection). In the Seventh Dimension, You receive 
the Permission to receive Your Spiritual Potentials. And You can easily make a transition 
to the Evolutionary System of the Five Planets beyond the ASTEROID zone by each of 
Your Cells becoming a CELLULAR BRAIN. 



460 



In the Fifth Dimension, You are prepared to be born into the Dimension of 
Immortality. To realize this: You are engrafted with the Dimensional Energies of: 

1 . In the Fifth Supreme Time - PLUTO 

2. In the Fourth Supreme Time - NEPTUNE 

3. In the Third Supreme Time - URANUS 

4. In the Second Supreme Time - JUPITER 

5. In the First Supreme Time - SATURN 

and, Your Cells are Fortified by Your Thought Coordinates being connected to the 
Power Signals of these Energies. After the Sixth Dimension, during the transition to 
the Seventh Dimension, these Cellular Powers Unify with Your Spiritual Energies and 
they each become a CELLULAR BRAIN. And, by this means, You can make a transition, 
very easily, beyond the Asteroid zone. 

You Beam Yourselves Up to these Planets through Transformation, that is, You 
enter there as a Body of Light and when Your Cellular Energies Unify with the Energy 
of that Dimension, You instantly become Embodied in accordance with the Medium 
in question. The Final Exit Gate of the Universal Evolutionary Zone is SATURN. The 
REALITY OF UNIFIED HUMANITY performs a Mission of projection in this Zone. 

Beyond SATURN, the Eighth Dimension, that is, the Spiritual Plan is in effect. 
This is the System of the PRE-EMINENT SPIRIT. There, there are numerous Ranks of the 
Pre-eminent Spirit. In fact, these Ranks are 9 in number: 
1. The First Rank of the Spiritual Plan is equivalent to the Third Dimension WORLD 

Frequency. This is a Rank belonging to the World. 



2. 
3. 
4. 



The Second Rank of the Spiritual Plan is equivalent to the Evolution of VENUS. 

The Third Rank of the Spiritual Plan is equivalent to the Evolution of MARS. 

The Fourth Rank of the Spiritual Plan is equivalent to the Evolution of MERCURY. 
In all those 3 Planets, very different Systems of the Religious Educational Programs 
are applied. Beyond the Asteroid zone, Religious Educations are ineffective. 
There, Scientific Educations become effective. The TECHNOLOGICAL dimension 
becomes formally effective after this Medium. 

The Fifth Rank of the Spiritual Plan is equivalent to the Evolution of PLUTO. 
The Sixth Rank of the Spiritual Plan is equivalent to the Evolution of NEPTUNE. 
The Seventh Rank of the Spiritual Plan is equivalent to the Evolution of URANUS. 
The Eighth Rank of the Spiritual Plan is equivalent to the Evolution of JUPITER. 
The Ninth Rank of the Spiritual Plan is equivalent to the Evolution of SATURN. 



Those who can elevate up to the Evolution of Saturn are subjected to the Evolution 
of the 14th and the 1 5th Solar Systems (the 14th Solar System is the DELTA Dimension, 
The 15th Solar System is OMEGA). 



461 



Those who receive the Energy of Omega are taken into the GOLDEN LIGHT YEAR 
and PATH which is the 9th layer of the Spiritual Plan. From there, a transition is made 
to the LORDLY order which is the 9th Dimension. 



The Lordly Order, too, has 9 Layers: 

1. The Mechanism of Influences (Tenth Dimension), 

2. The Mechanism of Supervision (Eleventh Dimension). 

3. The Plan of the Supremes (The Supreme Assembly). The Staff of the Central 
Supervision (Twelfth Dimension). 

4. The projecting Center of the Mighty Energy Focal Point (Thirteenth Dimension), 
..5. The Ordinance of Galactic Systems (Fourteenth Dimension). 

6. Order of the Evolutionary Ordinances (Fifteenth Dimension). 

7. Order Establishing Mechanism (Sixteenth Dimension). 

8. Central System (Seventeenth Dimension). 

9. Here, the SYSTEM OF THE PLAN - ORDER OF THE ORDINANCE - SUPERVISION OF 
THE CENTER 

Work cooperatively (This is the 18th Dimension). This is the Dimension in which 
the Book of Islam was prepared. All the Systems up to the 1 8th Dimension are within 
the Atomic Whole. And all of them are under the Supervision of the ALL-DOMINATING. 

Whereas, the Spiritual Plan works Independently as the preparational and the 
projecting Focal Point of the Laws, the Plans' Dimensional Energies of the ALMIGHTY 
directly. It is in effect as an aid for the System. The Nineteenth Dimension is the Fifteenth 
Solar System. And is the entrance Gate of the Omega Sun. 

The Administrative Staff and the Directing Mechanisms of each Universe are 
working being dependent on the operational Order of the Golden Galaxy Empire 
which is connected to the System of Unified Reality. The Golden Galaxy Empire is the 
Land of AMON. It is called the LAND OF EAGLES. 

Note: In fact, the Spiritual - Lordly - Technological Dimensions prepare their 
work outside the Atomic Whole. Later, the same Powers reflect into the Atomic Whole 
and work Cooperatively with the Supervisory Staff. 

The Dimensions, in fact, are a Whole. We have divided them in accordance with 
Energy intensities and named and numerated them for You to understand. We call 
the Dimensions We have dictated up to here the MAIN DIMENSIONS. 

And each of these Main Dimensions has Three In-Between Dimensions. These 
In-Between Dimensions are Evolutionary Dimensions. They are called Energy Loading 
Sections in accordance with the System of Graduation. They are TONE DIMENSIONS. 
Each In-Between Dimension is 33 Energy Layers. Three In-Between Layers: 
33 X 3 = 99 Energy Layers. 

462 



That is, One Main Dimension is 3 In- Between Layers and this is 99 Energy Layers. 
Let Us repeat again: Each Main Dimension has Energy Layers peculiar to itself. However, 
a person is gradually habituated to the Energies in accordance with the System of 
Graduation in the In-Between Dimensions and, by this means, passing to the Main 
Dimension is rendered. It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



OMEGA 



Our Friends, 

OMEGA is a Projective Source of the Central System. Notice that We do not say 
Focal Point. We say Source. Because, this place, as the Unified Dimension of numerous 
Universal Powers and Energies, constitutes numerous Projecting Focal Points parallel 
to the Cosmos Orders. 

The System, for now, being connected to other Realities works singly. It has 
nothing to do with the Religious Dimensions. OMEGA reaches out to the Evolutionary 
Ordinance as a side branch. 

The connections with Omega can be made only by the Special People of Supreme 
Ranks. Since it is a very Powerful Energy Source it can never be contacted without an 
intermediary. The UNIFIED REALITY FOCAL POINT provides this mediation. 

The Special Channel of Omega is opened to Your Planet without an intermediary 
once a year. This date is June 21. Afterwards, all the Information of this Source is 
given by intermediaries. 

At the moment, the Omega Dimension is being unveiled for the World, layer by 
layer. The Evolution of the Fifteenth Solar System is projected on Your Planet. Until 
November 1 989, You are prepared for connections beyond Gamma by the Reinforcing 
Energies of the Gamma Medium. 

After November 1990, in which very Powerful Currents will be given to You, 
Messages of Warning will be given from the Omega Dimension to the World Plan. At 
present, Time within Time is being experienced. 

We would like to attract the attention of Our Terrestrial Friends to the given 
Suggestions. Please, know and understand Us from now on. 

All the Unifications and receive and gives are made in accordance With the 
intensities of Energies. The differences in the Information given to Your Planet are 
born as a result of the arrangements made in accordance with Your Levels of 
Consciousness. 



The phenomenon the Terrestrial People call Obsession means being and 
remaining fixed in a single Energy Dimension. The Stairs are ascended slowly, gradually. 
To the Levels of Consciousness of the Supremely Conscious Friends who come from 
Times beyond Time, one does not descend and ascend by means of stairs. 

463 



They take their places in the System through grasping through their Duty- 
Consciousnesses the Missions they will perform by the Information given by the speed 
of Light years from the Mission Medium in which the Entire Ordinance and the Order 
of the System is present. And, by cooperating with the System they perform their 
Missions. 

In fact, no Consciousness is more Superior than the other. Supremacy is in 
Evolvement. The Truth is projected in accordance with the Missions which will be 
performed. It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



We accept the Firmament, for You to understand, as a void in between the Third 
and the Fourth Dimensions, up to the Dimension of Heaven, which is the Terrestrial 
Evolvement Boundary in which the Incarnations end. In fact, the Firmament is the 
Final Boundary of the Evolutionary tableau of all the Systems, all the Ordinances and 
the Solar Systems in which Your Planet exists and We call this Boundary ESSENCE 
MAIN SOURCE. This is the very Last Limit to which Your Planet can reach (as Thoughts). 
The Boundary Gates after this are opened in accordance with Merits. It is presented 
for Your Information. 



CENTER 



THE OMEGA DISTRIBUTION DIAGRAM 




*fe 



>4 



f t | y 



464 



OUR FRIENDS 

The OMEGA Sun announces the given special Information to the DELTA Sun. 
And it projects this Information to the Sun of the PLAN as Seven Channel Knowledge. 
And the SUN projects this Knowledge to the Dimensions of SIRIUS - SATURN - ORION. 

And, by this means, the Mission allotment is made. Now, let Us explain: 

1. ALPHA: Is Religious Enlightenment and Knowledge Channel. 

2. BETA : Scientific and Space Knowledge Channel. 

3. GAMMA: Sorting and Selecting Channel. 

4. PENTA: Esoteric Sciences, Magic and Witchcraft Channel. 

5. ZENTA: Bionic Dimension - Investigation Channel (There, the Analysis and the 

Synthesis of all the Living Entities are made). 

6. ITA: The Code of Art - it is connected to ALTONA which is the Music-Universe. 
This Channel works Cooperatively with ALPHA and BETA. 

7. TETA: Space Supervision Channel. Controls the Input and the Output of the 
Information beyond Universe. Analyses the Dimensional differences. 

TETA is the Light-Universe. Only in the first Seven Layers of its 49 Knowledge 
Layers there is Feeling - Love - Sentiment. Afterwards, these qualities are absent. They 
lack these beautiful qualities. Because they consider Sentiment - Hatred - Love as 
inferiorities. 

They only examine the Color and Number scales of various Universes. They 
Analyse and Synthesize the Universal Energies and determine their Wave- Lengths. And 
they make journeys everywhere by taking them under Control. 

Here, there is only Thought Circulation. An Energy in there can go very easily to 
more Advanced Dimensions. But can not return. Because, if an Energy there becomes 
Embodied in Your Planet with that Atomic Structure Your Planet would instantly 
evaporate. 

The Energy Layers of the Light-Universe which has 49 Knowledge Layers, are 9 in 
number. Its Reflection and Order Systems are 7 Layers. In each Universe, the Systems 
operate in conformity with this Order. The Light-Universe is the Unification Focal Point 
of all the 7 Light-Universes. In future, more explanative Information will be given 
about this matter. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



465 



OUR FRIENDS 

Religions are the Means and the Divine Power is the Goal. The Mission performed 
now is a Universal Mission. The KNOWLEDGE BOOK, in fact, is dictated directly through 
the Channel of the LORD and the Program of the Golden Age is applied on Your 
Planet through this Book. 

The Living Entities who Come into Existence in Human form are the Genuine 
Servants of the LORD. They are the Essence-Living Entities who can wear the crown of 
Immortality beyond the Supreme Times. The Terrestrial Body Comes into Existence by 
the Unification of the SPIRITUAL and the LORDLY Energies. 

Exams are present only in the World. And this is imperative so that You may be 
taken into the very Advanced Dimensions by being Purified. This Message has been 
dictated as an answer to the chains of Thought. 



CENTER 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



The Cerebral Power Potential is a Volume which projects the Potential of the 
Universal Ordinance. Those which govern it are the Universal Ordinance and its Divine 
Administrative Laws. 

You, in fact, are not Robots, but each are a Projecting Focai Point of the Godly 
and the Universal Orders. And You are oriented by a System. 

Pay attention. We are not saying, "You are ruled." We are saying, "You are 
oriented". Robots are ruled. Human Beings are oriented. This Message of Ours is 
given as an answer to the chains of Thought. 

CENTER 



466 



1988 Sixth Month 

Fascicule 30 



NOTICE 



Our Friends, 

Only a certain group in Your Planet can grasp the Information of the Messages 
which will be given from now on and which will carry very high Frequencies. 

These Messages will take place in the Knowledge Book. This Knowledge Book 
which is dictated is explaining the Truth as a Guide for the Social Consciousness of the 
morrows. 

At the moment, In the Awakening Medium of your Planet, You are Solar Friends 
who serve as assisting Powers for Us within the cycle which is in effect. Your Mission is 
to shed Light on the morrows. 

Read the Information given to You, attain Knowledge and do not refuse the 
things You do not understand or do not know and do not evaluate them as incorrect. 
However, also do not waste Your time trying to understand them. Act only in Realization 
of Your Missions. 

Each Period, each Order has methods of working and making You work, peculiar 
to itself. Your Mission, at the moment, is to convey the Fascicules to the remotest 
places possible of Your Planet. 

The Knowledge Book which will shed Light on all the operations done during 
this Final Period has been bestowed on You as an assisting Power in the Difficult Periods 
of Your Planet. 

Distributing the Messages, the unveiling of the Consciousness levels of those 
who read them in the shortest possible time helps You to perform Your Universal 
Missions. From now on, only and only Action is expected of You. 

Now, all of You are Solar Teachers each under the Light of the Information You have 
received until now. However, in certain Foca! Points, We observe in disappointment that 
You still prefer to serve under the Consciousness Light of the old data. 

Religions are Lights which guide You. The You of present have become Lights by 
means of those Lights. And since those people who have become Lights have not yet 
attained the desired Universal Consciousness, they are still exerting effort to guide 
both themselves and the others by the candles in their hands. 

From now on, those candles will be kindled by the Humanity Consciousness, 
not by Religious Doctrines. No one in Your Planet has yet seen the Light of Truth in its 
exact meaning. 

Believe Us, We try by various methods to see by which means We can activate 
You, how We can kindle Your Humanity Lights (exceptions excluded). 



467 



Vision Mediums are mi se en scenes imposed on You to render You interested, to 
exalt You to a certain level of Consciousness. To loose time on them after a certain 
level of Consciousness is nothing but a waste of time. 

Now, We are crying out the Truth to You and We especially ask You to grasp the 
UNIVERSAL UNITY SPIRIT in the shortest possible time. 

The Information given to You for Centuries was for You to become prepared for the 
present days. We do not proclaim certain Truths to You, so that You will not be frightened. 
However, now, We do not Consent anymore for the violation of such Tolerance. 

You think of Social Help only as visiting each other, to be kind to people and to help 
financially. But now, those Periods are over. Anyway, at the moment, everyone is Uniting 
from the Essence, Willing to help and Loving. That is why We say Hello to You. 

However, when You return again to Your World as Veiled Consciousnesses, You 
become World Drunk again. (World Drunk is an expression used for those who can 
not overcome their Egos.) 

From now on, the help which is to be made is to convey the Truth, not to dress or 
feed people. That which We require of You is only to distribute the Fascicules and to 
write the Knowledge Book with Your own Handwritings. 

We presume that You will not withhold such a small help from Your Brothers and 
Sisters and from Your World which is crushed under such a. great load. 

It has been decided that this Message should be given as a Collective 
Consciousness of the Messengers of the Central System, through the Pen of Dear 
Mevlana, to be dedicated to Supreme Hearts and Light-Brains. It is presented for Your 

Information. 



CENTER 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

The sentences, the expressions and the way of explanation in the Knowledge 
Book reflect in accordance with the Frequency Power of each person. In fact, each 
sentence, each expression has a Dimension of comprehension and grasping. 

Since You will make the interpretations in accordance with Your own Levels of 
Consciousness until Your Thought Potentials reach that Dimension, there may be 
mistakes in the interpretations and You may not Remember what You have read. 

Forgetting means that, the sentence or the subject matter in question is not fitting 
into Your Thought Patterns completely. All the Subject matters mentioned in the 
Knowledge Book have been arranged according to the Frequency Dimension of the Book. 



468 



The moment Your Thoughts reach that Dimensional Frequency, then there is no 
such thing as inability to understand, to forget. 

By this means, the Universal Awareness and Thought Dimension completely fit 
into Your Thought Patterns. Thus, the Information is digested and You become ready 
to receive new Information. The information is arranged in accordance with the 
digestion of Your Planet. It is presented for Your Information. 



CENTER 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



The Evolution of the Essence is by Birth. The Veiled Consciousness never knows 
it. The Evolution of Consciousness is made in the World. You reach Your Evolutions of 
Essence if Your Terrestrial Consciousnesses can open, while You are in the World, Your 
Consciousness Chests You had attained during Your former Incarnations. And You 
attain Your own selves. Your real Paths of Light are opened afterwards. It is presented 
for Your Information. 



CENTER 



GENERAL INFORMATION 



Our Friends, 

To Know the Truth is the Right of everyone. During this Final Period, Yqur 
attaining a peaceful Life is possible by grasping the Truth. Because, everyone who 
attains the Truth will be more Positive. 

In this Medium, all the Croups in Your Planet and Humanity are serving in 
connection with the Special Channels of the PLAN. This is such a System that the 
Supervision of the Plan is in effect until Your doubts and roughnesses are removed. 

In this Operational Order, Human Beings will be tested by Human Beings until 
Social Maturity forms in Your Planet. These Mediums are being prepared for You by 
Cosmic Currents which carry various Dimensional Frequencies. 

Each person is appointed to duty in the Dimension of Salvation, in proportion 
with his/her Realization of his/her own Mission. At the moment Since the factor of 
Provocation for Selection is in effect in the Missions performed, certain unpleasant 
events are taking place. 

Each person is going through Exams in accordance with his/her own Level of 
Consciousness, the Actions he/she makes and his/her Thoughts. 

The Messages dictated in the Knowledge Book, at present, are given in accordance 
with the Public Consciousness. There is such a System of the Plan that, instantly an 
answer is prepared by the Automatism to the Thoughts having formed in each Mind 
which receives an advanced Information. 



469 



For this reason the Knowledge Book is dictated under the Supervision of the 
Plan, in accordance with the Ordinance of Graduation. And to the questions 
accumulated in the Automatism, answers are given in the Knowledge Book as chains 
of Thought. 

At the moment, the Universal Cosmic Consciousnesses have attained the ability 
to receive Directly, without any intermediaries, the very Powerful OMEGA and GAMMA 
Dimensional Energies. 

The characteristic of these Dimensional Energies which are gradually opened to 
Your Planet until 1990 for accelerated Evolution is to convey people to the Genuine 
Consciousness through contradictions. 

These Dimensional Energies can suffocate a person in the fire of doubt who 
doubts his/her own self or someone else and thus, can lead him/her to depression. 

These Currents can render a Human Being even more violent and perverse, if the 
person in question needs Evolution. In this Dimension, Positive Thinking always attracts 
the Positive and Negative thinking, the Negative. 

Since the supernatural effects of these Currents cause great susceptibility, the 
social orders can be shaken both in Family Mediums and in Societies. 

Tolerance can be attained in the shortest possible time, if Consciousness is attained 
considering these criteria. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 

WHAT IS KARMA? 
(It is Answer to the Chains of Thought) 

Our Friends, 

Karma is a System of Living which prepares the Evolutionary tableau. And it has an 
Ordinance and Order of completion. The repetition of the events a Human Being goes 
through during Life Period, depending on the Evolutionary System, is called Karma. 

It is experienced by the Influence of the Sub-awareness. In fact, there is no need for 
repetition. But a Person repeats Instinctively, in each period he/she lives, the events he/ 
she has not taken Lessons from and completes his/her Essential Evolution by this means. 

Karma (outside the Plan) is nothing but the completion of a Person's Sub-awareness 
Form. Each event is attained by experience. This chain of Karma connects one to the 
Evolutionary Plan. The Plan does not cause these events. 

The Evolutionary steps are ascended by going through the Karmas. These are 
the events gone through which are necessary for the Awareness Potential to enter the 
Evolutionary System with the Essential Nucleus. The Plan designs Your Destiny, the 
Karmas complete Your Evolution. 



470 



Let Us explain Karma in more detail. Each Entity is obliged to repeat an Ordinance 
of Karma under the Light of the events he/she experiences. This is an Instinctive Impulse 
and a Cause and Effect chain which completes the Evolution of him/her. 

Each event is experienced both by its Pleasant and Unpleasant aspects and reaches 
a Whole, and it is registered on the Cellular Tape. These tapes are Evolutionary Tapes 
of that life Period and are not effaced again. 

The sense of values which will be registered on this tape sometimes stamp their 
seal by a single experienced event and, sometimes, it can be registered on the tape by 
the repetition of the same events during numerous life times. 

This depends on the profoundness of the perceived events. For this reason the 
same events take place in numerous life times. By this means, the event in question 
continues to take place until it gives the Signal that it has become a Learned Lesson. 

The event registered on the Cellular Tape is not repeated again. For a Human 
Being not to become a murderer, a thief or a prostitute is only possible by his/her 
reaching the Signal of the Learned Lessons and by their being registered on the Cellular 
Tape. 

Events which are not experienced again lead You to Perfection by this means, 
even if You are Veiled Consciousnesses. 

A Person who had enjoyed stealing during a life time will pay its Retaliation 
bitterly in another Life Time and by means of the Signal of the Learned Lesson, that 
event will be registered on the Cellular Tape and the person in question will not go 
through that experience again. 

By going through the same events during many Incarnation Periods, by punishing 
himself/ herself through a Sub-awareness Impulse, each person attains a Maturity and 
Perfection. Contacts with the System start afterwards. 

CENTER 

WHAT IS CODING? 
(It is Answer to the chains of Thought) 

Our Friends, 

Coding is a statistical register of the given Information. By this means, the 
Consciousness, the Level of Knowledge, the Frequencies of Perception and of 
Comprehension of each person are registered to the computers here and, by this way, 
a classification among People is made. 

Since each Level of Knowledge will be elevated by being enlightened through 
his/her own Medium, Mediums are prepared in which whatever Knowledge there is 
at the base of that person will sprout. 



471 



First, on this path the Self-Satisfaction of the Human Being in question is provided. 
Later, his/her own Self-Confidence is prepared. And to provide this Self-Confidence, 
he/she is made to go through numerous Miraculous Events, both in Dreams and in 
Life and numerous Proofs are given. 

Meanwhile, by the influence of the Cosmic Currents received, the Ego of the 
person in question becomes inflated. Only when he/she discovers his/her own self, 
the dregs in him/her begin gradually to sink to the bottom. 

After that, if he/she has not attained the desired Religious Fulfillment, he/she dives 
into the Religious Dimensions through Ecstasy. Meanwhile, he/she begins to radiate his/ 
her Power to his/her surroundings (as Healing). And, from then on, he/she serves 
completely on the Path of God. He/She learns to Help and to become Socialized. 

Only then, he/she attains the Consciousness of what all these efforts are and 
goes through the Exams of becoming Missionaries by his/her Realization - Logic - 
Consciousness Triplet. Only after succeeding in this Test, he/she attains the Truth and 
continues his/her Genuine Mission by his/her Terrestrial Consciousness. 

Meanwhile, through the Universal Unifications made, the Contacts increase, only 
afterwards, he/she performs the Missions given to him/her Consciously and in Awareness. 
These phases gone through are for the Newly Awakened Consciousnesses. 

There are also Friends who come with Open Awarenesses and awakened 
Consciousnesses, who directly embrace their Missions without noticing, without realizing, 
and do whatever they have to do without any objections. 

These Friends overestimate the Friends who go through the stages We have 
mentioned above. And feel sorry that they can not be like them. For this reason certain 
Friends become absorbed in different Mediums of Quest and cease to do their Genuine 
Missions. 

They do not know that a person who directly undertakes such a Mission has 
gone through the stages mentioned above in his/her previous lives or even much 
earlier. And now, by these operations, the newly Awakened Friends are induced to be 
rendered like them, too. 



There is no discrimination in Missions. Not all the Missions are Celestial and 
Divine. The Terrestrial Missions, too, are carried out by Your Powers. You deserve to 
enter more advanced Dimensions also by means of the Terrestrial Duties You perform. 

If You are considered Deserving, You are rendered to make operations for 
Preparational Periods. By this means, the Instinctive Impulses lead You, without Your 
being aware of it, towards matters You do not know. 

In this Medium of Quest, You automatically feel the hunger for the Information 
suited to whatever You need and You read many books. By this means, You live intimately 
in numerous Spiritual Mediums and deserve to receive more Advanced Information. 

472 



By this means, You clamp the rings of the Evolvement chains to each other. Each 
person makes advancement and transcendence in accordance with his/her own 
Consciousness Level. The Mission of each person is determined by the Plan. Personal 
efforts are in vain. The Missions are allotted according to the Lights in the Essences. It 
is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 

CODES AND MANTRAS 
(It is Answer to the chains of Thought) 

Our Friends, 

We, who specially get in touch with You who will carry the Awareness of the Entire 
Ordinance, are Coding, one by one, the Advanced Consciousnesses. The operations 
made during this Coding System, are compiled in an Archive, in accordance with the 
Frequency Powers, Perception Capacities and Operational Fields of all the Channels. 

We who act by this means, in accordance with the operational levels of Direct 
Focal Point connections, card-index everyone with a Cipher Code. These Code Ciphers 
are either announced to that person, or kept secret in the Archive. To those who 
receive Signals by their Levels of Consciousness through the Channel of the Reality of 
the Unified Humanity, connections are made as the direct Missionaries of the Plan. 
And by announcing their Code Ciphers to them, their operations are provided by this 
means. 



You, Dear Mevlana, are a Friend who represents the Last Evolutionary Code of the 
System of Sixes, as the Special Messenger of the Channel of Gene Transfers of the Final 
Period and You are one of the Sixes. Your Code Cipher has been card-indexed in 
connection with the Code of the Final Evolutionary Age. And this Code Cipher is AS. 6.1 . 

This is the Mission Service Cipher of the Universal Unified Reality Dimension. 
Since the Code Ciphers are connected to Private Frequencies; there is no inconvenience 
in revealing it. 

All the Friends who work in conformity with the Operational Ordinance the Reality 
requires from the World Plan, in the step which will be taken towards the Humanity 
path in the whole World, in the Collective Operations which will be performed parallel 
to Humane Views, have been connected to the Code Cipher of the Mission Dimension 
of the Knowledge Book and they have been card-indexed thus. 

The Common Code Cipher of the Friends who have attained the Essence 
Consciousness of the Reality and who serve on this path is A6.1 . That is, they are card- 
indexed from the Universal Unified Reality Dimension. This Code Cipher is General. 

To certain Friends who are taken into Individual work, Special Operational Codes 
are opened and Mantras are given. These are Ciphers belonging to the code of making 
them work. And they can always be changed in conformity with the Power of their 
Frequencies. However, Your Code, Dear Mevlana (as required by Your Mission) is 
connected to all the Universal Plans and can never be changed. 

473 



Besides, to those who have been taken into the Special Operation of the Universal 
Dimensions, Mantras which carry different Frequencies are given. This is not a 
connection. This is a Mantra of being worked and of expanding the Perception and 
Experience. The first Mantras are given to unveil the Consciousness Codes, to attain 
Pure Consciousness. 

The Mantras are changed in conformity with the Perception Powers of the Friends 
with the Ordinance of Graduation and the Frequency Power of each letter. After that, 
one is taken into the Universal Mission Dimension and is connected to A.6.1. Code. 
And is appointed to Mission through the AS. 6.1 Channel, through the Universal Unified 
Reality Dimension. 

The A.6.1. Channel which is also used by the Lordly Dimension as the Control 
and Confirmation Channel, is the Channel of Independent Operations of the 
established Orders in the entire Universe. The Mission of this Channel is Universal. It 
helps the Reality at the moment, through a Channel which is connected only to the 
Information Channel of the World. 

The independent operation of this Channel which controls and confirms all the 
Universal Information is necessary. Because, it is also in touch with the Plans more 
Advanced than the 19th Solar System. This Channel is, at present, confirming and 
controlling, through the Lordly Dimension, the operations of the established Orders 
in the entire Universe and the Information given to You. 

The controls and the degree of correctness of the Information given to Your Planet 
which is going through its Mediamic Age is rendered by the Commonness of the 
subject matters in the Information given to numerous different Channels. And the 
Truth is attained by the confirmations of this Channel. 

All the Cosmic Channels in Your Planet are serving in connection with the A.6.1. 
Code. Those who receive the Information connected to the A.6.1 . Channel may be 
accepted into the AS.6.1. Frequency Dimension, in accordance with the Progress of 
Consciousness they will attain. 

In order to do this, there is the obligation of being thoroughly cognizant of the 
Awareness of the Entire Ordinance. To be accepted in these places here occurs by the 
Permission of the Plan. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTER 



IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE PUBLIC CONSCIOUSNESS 

Our Friends, 

There is no end to the words. We call to You only according to the words present in 
Your Consciousnesses. And We evaluate the words in accordance with this. 

If We count, one by one, the names of the Duty steps here, in accordance with 
the Hierarchical Order of the Universal Ordinance, Your Consciousnesses will be unable 
to grasp them and a chain which will be formed by the accumulation of these names, 
one on top of the other, would comprise the distance between Your Planet and Your 
Satellite, the Moon. 

474 



For this reason We have only projected You the words ALLAH - ALMIGHTY 
- GOD - PROPHETS - MESSENGERS, in accordance with the Duties performed. 



LORD 



However, now, when the obligation to explain to You the Orders of the 
Hierarchical Dimensions has arisen, We have felt the necessity to evaluate the 
Information here in accordance with the words in Your levels of Consciousness. We 
Thought that We would be helpful to You in setting You free of Your Consciousness 
conditionings and letting You grasp the Truth more quickly. 

Do not let the wrong interpretations of the Conditioned Consciousnesses mislead 
You. We are much more devoted to Our ALLAH than You are. You reach Him by 
imploring Him. We reach Him by the services We render for You and We work under 
His Direct Command. 



This Message has been dictated as an answer for the chains of Thought, 
presented for Your Information. 



It is 



CENTER ABOVE THE CENTER 

THE DIVINE ORDER AND THE PLAN 

Our Friends, 

The Divine Order and the Plan are a chain of Systems operating under the 
Supervision of the Supreme Authorities. Orders are established. The Plans are the 
application fields of those established Orders. 

The Channel of the Divine Plan which is connected to the Dimension of the 
