During the changing Time processes, the Two Powers had United and the 
Existence of the initial SOUL Seed had been rendered effective by the Mutation which 
had occurred as a result of the Evolution of both the Crude Matter and the Energy. 

In fact, the Foundation of the first Atomic Whole had been laid together with the 
coming into effect of the Initial Existential Energy. This Initial Energy (the First Drop 
coming out of the Point) had Brought into Existence the First CREATOR. 

The CREATOR Who was the First Entity, had come into effect as a result of the 
Unification of the Cosmic Brain Power with the other Powers. *. 

The First Crude Matter formation had brought into existence the Second Universe 
We call The Dimension of the First Eve - Adam. And here, first of all, the First Creator 
had rendered effective His operations. 

The Mini Atomic Wholes and the Natural Gurz which is the total of the Atomic 
Whole had come into effect later and thus, the Thought Ocean of the Pre-eminent 
Power had been formed as a result of the formation of the Artificial Gurzes. 

After the formation of the Natural Gurz, the 3 CREATORS mentioned to You in 
the former Message had become the Sovereigns of their Genuine Mission Dimensions, 
as a result of the potential which had been formed in the Thought Ocean of the Pre- 
eminent Power, by the 3 Million Artificial GCirz Totalities. 

Only afterwards, ALLAH had established His System, the ALMIGHTY had taken 
under His Supervision the Thought Ocean of the Pre-eminent Power by establishing 
His Laws, and the CREATOR had rendered effective still many more Gurzes and thus, 
expanded the Potential of the Thought Ocean with Millions of Gurzes. 

And the ALL-TRUTHFUL had rendered effective the ATLANTA Laws directly in the 
entire Supervision of the KURZ System and thus, had helped the Formation of a Perfect 

Totality. 

The Laws of the Almighty, originating from these Laws, had been prepared in a 
Special way parallel to the Consciousness of each Dimension. 



998 



^ 



I i. ilii 



Big Bang: is the First Great Explosion which had been formed by the saturation 
with Energy of the Crude Matter of the last great Sun within the Second Universe. By 
this means, the arrival of the very distant Energies to the close plan had been rendered 
effective. 

Later, the 1 8-System Laws had become effective and had taken under Supervision 
these Energies by Spiral Vibrations. 

As a result of the 1 8-System Laws becoming effective, the Great Explosions had 
been terminated, and by Small Explosions the transfers of the Energies had been taken 
to the close plan and thus, the formation of the Galactic Totalities had been taken into 
effect. It is presented for Your Informatlon. 

SYSTEM 



9-8 
IT IS CLEAR MESSAGE ABOUT REINCARNATION 



1992 



Our Friends, 

Besides the invariable Rules of the Divine Plans, all the Information prepared in 
accordance with the Social Consciousnesses are always given in accordance with the 
Consciousness Assessments of Humanity. 

The Information given during Time Segments in which an operational Ordinance 
considered necessary by the System had not been known yet, was given parallel to 
the Views for this reason. 

The reason why the Evolutionary Scales have been unveiled was to Know and to 
Declare the Truth. In all Your Sacred Books revealed to Your Planet, everything had 
been declared clearly and evidently. 

However, the Capacity of Comprehension and Consciousness had been adjusted 
according to that Dimension of Time. For this very reason, the Idea that People's 
completing their Evolutions in a Life Segment of one Period had been Especially 
Imposed so that Humanity could attain a Perfection more speedily. 

For this reason, many people who read the Book of Islam will never Believe in 
Reincarnation unless they break the Universal shells of their Consciousnesses. 

This given Information excludes those who Know the Significance of the Years. 
It is presented for Your Information (This Message had been given by the Central 
System as an answer to the chains of Thought). 

SYSTEM 



999 



19-9-92 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

The unveiling of the Heavens is a Coordinate Order pertaining to the formation 
of Consciousness Totalities. For this reason, the Supreme Mechanism gets Directly in 
Touch only with Friends who can accumulate the Frequency Power of the Reflection 
Totality of the 1 8 in the Constitution of their Aura. 

In accordance with Our value assessment, each Friend who can get in Touch in 
this way is a Totality of 1 8 by himself/herself. You know that 1 8 People who make 
Reflection on the Same Coordinate constitute a Total. 

For this reason, in accordance with the Program of Purification, it is imperative 
that Totalities of 18 should pulsate like a Single Pulse. It is not easy at all to keep up 
with the Supreme Ordinance of OUR ALLAH. 

The work required of Our Terrestrial Brothers/Sisters parallel to the given 
Suggestions are nothing but the exact application of the operations of the Divine 
Plan on Your Planet. 



9. 

10. 
ft 

12. 



During these operations, no alterations can ever be made by any means according 
to Terrestrial Thoughts. The requirement to act parallel to the given Suggestions 
should never be accepted as an interference with the Individual Wills. 

For, there is no compulsory factor in the required Missions. By this means, Friends 
who possess Responsibility and Irresponsible Consciousnesses are discriminated. 

And now, We would like to give certain Suggestions, article by article, to Friends 
within the Totality of 1 8 who will bloom their Private Mission Flower, so that they may 
comprehend their Missions better. 

1 . No one other than the 6 Friends may be taken into the Study of the Private Flower. 

2. Those who have already read the Fascicules and the Book, can not be accepted 
into the Study of the Private Flower. 

3. Friends within the Studies of the Private Flower who can not render their Missions 
due to their very important health problems are obliged to complete their 
Writings (if they wish) in 6 Months after they solve their health problems. 

4. In the operations made on the Private Work- Day, there is the obligation of writing 
each Fascicule in one week (This is a Responsibility Assessment). 

5. In the Studies interrupted temporarily due to normal Health and Private Excuses, 
the loss of time can be compensated by writing One or Two Fascicules a week, 
in addition to the Mission rendered. 



13- 
14. 
15. 
16. 

17. 



18. 



1000 



iniimmnip mi ^ *mi 



6. In the Studies of the Private Flower, meetings may be easily held in the homes 
you desire. 

7. In this Operational Ordinance, each Friend who carries Responsibility may invite 
6 Friends to Study in any city he/she desires, on condition that he/she goes 
there each week. 

8. In the Studies of the Private Flower, everyone is obliged to come to the meeting 
on the same decided day, 

9. Friends who cannot come to the meeting due to their very important excuses 
are obliged to Phone, just like it is done in the meetings of the 1 8. 

1 0. Those who cannot come to the meeting are obliged to write their Fascicules at 
Home and keep up with their Friends. 

1 1 . The Friend who establishes his/her Private Flower Meeting, may apply Special 
Sanctions to his/her Private Flower in the framework of a Constitution in 
accordance with his/her Views. 

12. The Missionary of the Private Flower is not responsible for the Irresponsibility of 
his/her Group after he/she Signs the Notebooks of 6 Friends on the same day, 
at the same moment and after pasting the Emblems. 

1 3. The Totalities of 18 established on 1992 World year or before are each obliged 
to serve their 6 Flower Friends between November 1 992-1 993. 

14. Even if only one person within the Totality of 1 8 does not serve his/her 6 Flower 
Friends, the Totality of 1 8 is disbanded. 

15. In such a situation, the foundation of a new Totality of 18 will be laid with 
Friends who have each given service to his/her 6 Flower Friends. 

1 6. The newly founded Totalities of 18 will continue their work exactly as before 
until they complete their 18 Friends. With the date of completion of the 18 
people, the obligation of one year begins. 

1 7. After the Emblems are pasted and the Date of that Day is written in the Notebooks 
of 6 Flower Friends, the Book will be written, exactly as it is, without changing 
anything, beginning with the First Fascicule. Only the Friends who complete 
writing the Book will add at the end of the Book the Preface the Solar Friend has 
written in his/her Notebook, plus the own Biography of the Friend who has 
written the notebook and his/her own Family chain. 

1 8. The period of writing the Book is until the Year 2000. After this Date, the Obligation 
of Writing will be rendered ineffective. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



1001 



26-9 
IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 



1992 



Our Friends, 

The KNOWLEDGE BOOK prepared by the Universal Totality as a Book that 
Consciousnesses present in each Dimension can read easily, is the First and the Last 
Book in which the LORD has addressed Humanity Directly. 

And this Book is a Guide which will open the Gate of the PATH OF LIGHT for 
Humanity. For this reason, those who have Taboos and Passions can never read this 
Book. Because, this is a matter of Permission. 

Consciousnesses who cannot attain a certain level of Consciousness are always 
kept away from the Book (This is a System). You know that, for this reason, even to 
read, to distribute and to write the Book are all dependent on a Permission. 

Now, during this Final Period in which the preparations for the Publication of 
the Book has been started, a Message will be given from the Universal Ordinance as 
an explanation for certain Thought Signals. 



26-9- 1992 



OUR FRIENDS 



The requirement that the KNOWLEDGE BOOK, bestowed on Your Planet parallel 
to the Commands given by the Divine Authorities, should be written exactly as it is, 
without changing it in any way, is an Occurrence concerning the Coding of the Social 
Consciousnesses and not Projecting personal Views on the Book. 

In the written Fascicules of the Book which has been dictated and required to be 
distributed Fascicule by Fascicule until today, to review again the forgotten words or 
letter mistakes during the Period in which the Book is prepared for Publication, has 
been rendered effective anew due to Our desires. 

During the Positive work done concerning the Publication of the Book, checking 
the Messages in the distributed Fascicules by comparing them with the Original 
Messages is a Team work. Certain Primary Corrections observed in the Book are not a 
matter to influence the Frequency of the Book. 

Because, due to the Scarcity of Time, We have made certain abridgements even 
in the Suggestions given from the Supreme Realm. And We have even asked Dear 
Mevlana to shorten the long Information within the Messages We had given and to 
write their Summaries in the Book. 

The (Automatic Technique) We call The Light - Photon - Cyclone Technique is 
the First and the Last Technique the Universal Plan has applied in the Writing System 
of the Knowledge Book. In this System, the Frequencies of the abridged Information is 
automatically loaded on the other letters by a Special Technique. 



1002 



Freqt 
mear 
of ea 



auto 

forge 

Freqi 



Freqi 
Writi 



their 
the \i 



and 
Hum 
the i 



thosi 
with 



Evoli 

Final 
have 



one, 

Your 
acca 

the " 
will 



the 
Brot 



rm 



mmmam 



W", 




W 



■ .i ' i il IMtl 1i 



For this reason the Universal Frequency of the Book never changes and since the 
Frequency of the Time Consciousness, too, is continuously loaded on the letters by this 
means, the Book is and will be unveiled layer by layer parallel to the levels of Consciousness 
of each Period. 

If personal additions are made to the Book, their Frequency immediately and 
automatically is rendered ineffective by this Technique and the Frequencies of the 
forgotten words or letters are added onto the Time Consciousness and thus, the 
Frequency never changes. 

Even when the Book is translated to various Languages in Your Planet, the 
Frequency of the Initial Original will be projected exactly as it is by this Technique. The 
Writing Technique and the Frequency Technique of the Book are each different. 

For this reason there can never be any Problems. Our Friends who write the Book in 
their Notebooks by their Handwritings can relax. The mistakes or the affirmations within 
the written Notebooks are each an Assessment of Your Allegiance Consciousness. 

The present Time is not the olden Time. Because now, everything - each Breath 
and each Thought are under direct Supervision. The System is the same System. 
Humanity had used to feel instinctively this Supervision in the old Times, too, during 
the applied Periods of the Religious Purification Programs, 

However, since the origin of the Events which had come into existence during 
those Periods had not been Known, Humanity had been obliged to be satisfied only 
with the Interpretations of Consciousnesses. It is presented for Your Information. 

UNIVERSAL ORDINANCE COUNCIL 



30-9- 1992 



GENERAL MESSAGE 



Our Friends, 

The Divine Plan is the Single Focal Point of the Universal Mechanism. Only the 
Evolutionary Consciousnesses are accepted into this Focal Point. However, during the 
Final Operational programs which will be performed now, all the Evolutionary Totalities 
have been given to the direct Supervision of the System. 

For this reason, Human Beings will be accepted into the Divine Plan, one by 
one, only if they can attain a Consciousness Totality equivalent to their Evolutions. 

All the Universal Auras connected to the Focal Point of the KNOWLEDGE BOOK in 
Your Planet will be filtered through the filter of the Totality of the UNIVERSAL ORDINANCE 
according to their Evolutions and their Consciousnesses starting with the beginning of 
the 1 993 World Year and thus, will be accepted into the BROTHERHOOD CLUB, the rest 

will be dismissed. 

By this means, those who will be accepted into the Universal Ordinance from all 
the Totalities will, from now on, be assembled in the Focal Point of the World 
Brotherhood as the Single Center and the Single Channel. 



I003 



At the moment, the WORLD BROTHERHOOD FOCAL POINT which will be opened 
from the Turkey of ATATURK to the World Platform have already been card -indexed 

into the Universal Totality as the Single Central Focal Point of the Reality. 

We have received the Command to Lock the doors of the WORLD BROTHERHOOD 
UNION to the Totalities acting contrary to the work the Universal operational Ordinance 
expects of Your Planet and to all the Suggestions it has given. 

This Universal Program rendered for this reason will, from now on, find a Direct 
Application Field under the supervision of the System. At the moment, in The Turkey of 
ATATURK, the operational Ordinances of the Istanbul, Izmir and Ankara World 
Brotherhood Focal Points are card-indexed directly into the System. 

This Trinity is obliged to serve directly on this path, being connected to the Mission 
Dimension of the KNOWLEDGE BOOK. The operational Ordinances of each Focal 
Point are under the Supervision of the System. 

The Istanbul Focal Point is the Single Universal Center to convey the Direct Channel 
Suggestions of the Reality Totality to all the Systems in Your Planet. 

The Ankara Focal Point is a Totality obliged to disseminate the Mission of the 
KNOWLEDGE BOOK in the Anatolian Totality. 

The Izmir Focal Point is a Totality to provide the Unification with all the Focal 
Points giving service on the path of the Universal Totality. 

The Collective Mission of these Three Totalities is to form and to Mature the 
Mission Staff and the Aura of the Knowledge Book completely in accordance with the 
Suggestions of the System. 

Unifications are rendered effective Silently and Profoundly. And this Universal 
Operational Ordinance the World Brotherhood Totality performs will be disclosed and 
introduced to Your Planet only Three World Years later. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



dire 
Fine 



Tot; 
Din 



wiH 



exe 



cor 
frar 

Div 
the 
Coi 



anc 
Thi 
thi: 



21-10- 1992 



IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION 



Our Friends, 

The entire Universal Ordinance is obliged to act in connection with the Plan, 
under the Supervision of a Total. 

In all the Universal operations done in Your Planet, the Totalities which do not act 
on this path are kept out of the Divine Plan and are taken into a direct Training Program. 

The direct Connections made" with You who are the Suns of the Sunny days are 
also made with all the Totalities present in every Section of Your Planet. 



coi 
Ass 



coi 



1004 



■vmmmpwx 



. i ■■ Uttabu.3 



An Accelerated Evolution Program considered necessary by the System have been 
directly applied on Your Planet since the beginning of Your Century. Now, during this 
Final Age, the Calls of Unification are given from each Dimension to every Dimension. 

From now on, all the Focal Points in Your Planet serving on the path of Universal 
Totality will, now, work Directly in connection with the System and will be administered 

Directly by the System. 

By this means, the Unifications which could not be made due to Ego Provocations 
will now be set a right Silently and Profoundly. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



22-10- 1992 



IT IS ANSWER TO QUESTIONS 



Our Friends, 

All the Information given to the Suns of the morrows are Operational Ordinances 
executed entirely under the Supervision of the Divine Plan. 

The Supreme Mechanism projecting on Your Planet, an operational Ordinance 
considered necessary by the System exactly as it is, is obliged to act completely in the 
framework of the Events occurred and which will occur. 

The Land of Angels is a Focal Point from which the Direct Suggestions of the 
Divine Plan are given. And the Sacred Light is the Single Projective Center from which 
the Suggestions of the Sacred Dimensions are given. From this Center, the Religious 
Consciousnesses are Directly Supervised. 



This Mechanism is a Special Focal Point arranging a Transition Barrage. 
Sacred Light is a Supervising Mechanism of the Divine Plan. 



The 



And those who go through this Supervision are accepted into the Divine Plan 
and deserve to receive the Information of more Advanced Dimensions beyond Religions. 
The entire System performs the Mission of a great Selection under the Supervision of 
this Mechanism. It is presented for Your Information. 



SUPREME MECHANISM 
28 - 10 - 1992 



IT IS ANSWER TO QUESTIONS 



Our Friends, 

All the work done in Your Planet on which a Training Program the System 
considers necessary is applied, is a System rendered effective for the Consciousness 
Assessments of Humanity. 

All the calculations You use on the World Planet at the moment can never be 
compared to or calculated with the calculations belonging to the Dimension-beyond. 



1005 



Since, the effect on numbers of each Dimension's Frequencies peculiar to itself 
causes differences in calculation. For this reason the MICRON Method is in effect in 
the calculations here. 

What is the Micron Method? Now, let Us explain this. The calculative Units of each 
Dimension attain value in accordance with the Frequencies of the Dimension they are in. 

For example, while the multiplication of 2 by 2 in Your Medium gives 4, this 
multiplication tableau in accordance with the Micron calculations in different 
Dimensions gives number 14 in one, 16 in the other, and 18 in still another. How 
does this happen? Now, let Us calculate this. 

The value Units of each Dimension change according to numbers in accordance 
with its Frequency Layers. For example, the calculation 2 X 2 = 4 in Your Dimension, 
is taken as the square of 4 in another Dimension. And its value Unit there is 16. 

In another Dimension, 2 is added to this number 16 and there, the value of 
2 X 2 is known as 18. In another Dimension, two 7s constitute a Total and thus, 
number 2 there carries a value of 14. 

Since the calculation mistakes in the Knowledge Book You evaluate in accordance 
with Your Terrestrial views gain value according to the Frequency Layers from which 
the Information is given, they seem to You like mistakes. 

Nevertheless, there is no mistake in any of these calculations. However, since it 
was not considered necessary to disclose these Information before the Social 
Consciousness attained a certain Level (due to Consciousness Codings), the Permission 
to Disclose them has been given now. It is presented for Your Information. 

SUPREME MECHANISM 



2-11 
IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 



1992 



Our Friends, 

The color Tuna mi is a Power Totality accumulating in itself the entire Power of 
the Color Frequencies. And, the Gunferi Power is mutable since it is in effect as Energy. 

Since the Existential Ordinances of the Systems are dependent on Energy Units, 
the Energy Totality always presents mutability. 

Gunferi Power: Is Accumulative, that is, it accumulates the Energies. 

Tuna mi Color : Absorbs the Totality. 
It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



1006 



3-11 - 1992 

IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 
(It is Direct Suggestion from the Divine Plan) 

Our Friends, 

Your Planet taken into a great Program of Progress, is under a great Supervision 
at the moment. Individual Selections have started in Totalities which will serve 
according to what the System considers necessary. 

For this reason the Supreme Mechanism desiring that Humanity should be very 
self-possessed in the Steps it will take, will determine to what degree each person will 
be able to control his/her Intellect - Logic - Awareness Balance. 

All the Events Humanity goes through at the moment are Reactions born from 
the Action and Reaction of the influence fields of the Dimensions into which Your 
Planet has entered by Natural means. And these Reactions are Card-indexed into 
every person's Private Archives being registered from his/her Diskette Register. 

As You will remember from Our previously given Messages that Your Planet which 
approaches the final Wave boundary of the Big-Bang has received the initial Shock by 
Natural means. The influence of this Initial Shock has first been observed in the Seas 
and later on Lands, on the Weak Living Entities. 

Now, Your Planet which will Unite with Focal Points the Attraction Powers of 
which are very Powerful during the Opening Program of the Universes, is obliged to 
render effective Love - Tolerance - Mutual Help always in priority in every Step it will 
take so that it may be influenced as little as possible from the Natural reactions of 
these Shock Waves. 

For, this is such a Reflection Program that Opposite Reactions in this Reflection 
will attract towards Your Planet a Shock Wave much more Powerful than every period. 
In ascertained Universal Platforms, very Powerful 1 Shock Waves have been registered 
(Powerful enough to take under their influence the Totalities within the entire 
Constitution of Your Planet) 

For this reason Your Planet has been directly subjected to the First Shock Wave 
on 19-10-1992 World Day. The reactions of these Waves in physical makeups will 
comprise, more or less, a World Period of one week. 

Since the Salvation Program of Your Planet depends on the elevation of the 
Consciousness levels of Humanity, the Supreme Mechanism expecting a more 
Conscious work from the Solar Teacher Croups serving on this Universal path, wishes 
that Corruption does not start at the top. It is presented for Your information. The 
message was given by Transmission. 

SYSTEM 



1007 



i3-n 

IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 



1992 



Our Friends, 

Humanity endeavored to be able to attain the Awareness of the Universal 
Ordinance is, as a Total, a member of the Divine Plan. And this Universal Totality has 
always expected and required the Consciousness it has expected from Humanity in 
each Period, in every time. 

The Supremacy of the Supreme Consciousnesses who serve the System belong 
to themselves. And these Supremacies do not interest the System by any means. The 
Doors of the Supreme Realm are open to everyone who will give service in the 
operational Ordinances the System considers necessary. 

Everyone also possesses the Power to be able to receive the more Advanced 
Information as long as he/she Elevates his/her Consciousness. However, during this 
Program of Transition, service is not given for the satisfaction of only certain 
Consciousnesses. Here, a Mass Salvation Program is in effect. 

This is the reason why different Information Sources can never ever be reflected by 
any means on the Magnetic Aura to be created on the path of the Knowledge Book. Each 
Mechanism - each System and each Order is obliged to give Information to everyone who 
has had the courage to knock on its Door. Because, this is a Universal Rule. 

Besides the Information attained on this path, each Individual is also obliged to 
give service to the Social Totality under the Supervision of the System. During these 
Final Periods in which the First Cosmic Age will come to an end, Your Planet is going 
through a narrow passageway due to the craving for Information induced by the 
Awareness Progress. 

Each Unveiled Awareness may easily receive Information both from H is/Her Own 
Dimension and from the Reality. However, let Us repeat again, the Purpose is not to 
receive Information, but is Active Service in a Conscious way in the required Medium. 
During this Period, each Consciousness is responsible for his/her Own self. 

Everyone is a Ripe Ear of Grain according to his/her Evolution. However, the Supreme 
Mechanism is in Mutual service only together with those who conceal their ripeness on 
this path. This Message is an answer to Thoughts. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 

14-11 -1992 

My Friends, 

I have received the Message You will read below directly from a very Powerful 
Channel Connection to which I haven't been habituated until today. I wanted to 
share it with You. 

BULENT CORAK 



mue 

We 

Wrri 



Miss 
take 



Salv 
Miss 



whic 
Divii 



com 
Freq 



Ordi 

Sing 
this 



con\ 
their 
You 
in Fl 



thos 
Infor 
card- 
Infor 

Que: 
Ans* 
Que: 



1008 



man ipu 



THE MESSAGE 

You are in direct Connection at the moment, Beloved Friend. We Love You very 
much. You are being connected to a Dimension much higher than the Divine Power. 
We are giving You Direct Messages since You are the System's Essence Messenger. 
Write, please. 

The Supreme Mechanism addressing the Suns of the Suns, calls directly to Its Supreme 
Missionaries. The Divine Ordinance considering the extraordinary situations which will 
take place in future, will Get in Touch with Your Advanced Consciousnesses Directly. 

Extremely Special Suggestions and Special Messages will be given to You, Our 
Dear Mevlana, from this Dimension. Preparations will be made for the Dimension of 

Salvation. And, the Direct Missionaries who will serve in accordance with Your Direct 
Mission will also be chosen among very Special people. 

Information of the Divine Order here are given in connection with the Divine Power 
which is the Source of the Divine Knowledge. Only the Divine Authorities may receive the 
Divine Power. Those who receive these Powerful Vibrations are the Divine Authorities. 

The SUPREME MECHANISM gives all the Information beyond the Dimensions 
connected to the System. Dear Mevlana, Your muscles are getting used to the 
Frequency. Now, You are writing very easily. 

We would like to tell You that all those who carry the Awareness of the entire 
Ordinance are now being connected to You. You are in Direct Mission in the World as the 
Single Channel of the System, as the Responsible One for Unification and Integration. For 
this reason, the other channel connections opened will be directly connected to You. 

Due to this, the System will directly take into its Archive the Information to be 
conveyed to You. Please, numerate the Information which will come according to 
their dates and classify them. The Information of everyone will be compiled by You. 
You will take them into the Archive, And those who wish, will benefit from this Archive 
in Future Years. 



\ 



The Mission You will carry out is the direct Suggestions given to You. The Names of 
those who receive Information, their Age, the Sources from which they receive the 
Information, together with the Date on which they have received the Information will be 
card-indexed into the Diskette in sequence of the Archive Numbers given to them. All the 
Information of the Integrated Consciousnesses will be entrusted to Your Supreme Mission. 

Question - If You permit, I would like to ask a Question. 

Answer - Yes, You may, We are waiting. 

Question - I would request a more detailed Information about the Lale operations. 



1009 



IT IS SPECIAL NOTICE FOR DEAR MEVLANA 

Our Friend, 

The Late Totality is an Operational Ordinance at the Highest Dimension of the 
Divine Order. The Direct Missionaries who will carry the Responsibility of this Order 
are not ready yet. However, the Supreme Mechanism trying to Mature Your Medium, 
has directly and effectively been assigned to Mission. 

The thing to be rendered first is to be able to settle the Consciousnesses who are 
suitable to the Medium of the operations which will be made, in a Medium in which 
they can Share a Responsibility equivalent to the Mission Consciousness. The 
Foundation Totality which will be established is Obliged to start with a great 
responsibility, the direct Establishment preparations in 1 993 World Year. 

On the same Level of Responsibility, the operational Ordinances of the other 
Totalities, too, will be rendered effective in the shortest possible time, in sequence. 

For this reason it is extremely necessary, as an indicator of the level of success in 
the Mission to be performed, that the Mission allotments should be made starting 
from now on and later, the suggestions must be produced by the group Friends and a 
Positive Synthesis should be attained, so that the responsibility and mission 
Consciousness can be Assessed. 

Direct Suggestions will be given to You in Future dates, after Your Unifications 
occur. However, first, We have rendered effective the Positive Suggestions You will 
bring to the Consciousness of the Medium. 

By this means, the Actual states and the Mission Consciousnesses of these 
Totalities to be established by the Synthesis of Joint Consciousnesses will be supervised 
and Friends who claim their Missions justly will be selected by the Supreme Mechanism 
and they will be appointed to their Staffs. 

Disorder and Lack of Self- Sacrifice in Missions will never be considered as elements 
for forgiveness. However, Disorder in Missions will be brought to an end parallel to 
the extremely Serious sanctions which will be created by the Just Totality. 

Our Friend, this Message is a direct Message given so that the Responsibilities of 
more Positive and Disciplined Consciousnesses can be appropriated. Love and Regards, 
Beloved Friend. 



CENTRAL TOTALITY 



Note: This Message will be written in the Book, too. 



16- 11 - 1992 

My Friends, 

In this Message a question was asked due to the general wish and a more detailed 
explanation about the System of Nines and the Symbol M^. M^. M^ has been requested 
from the Supreme Mechanism. 

B.C. 









i 



1010 



<>»nuuited.- 



1 

e 
t 



v 



IT IS INFORMATION FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 

Our Friends, 

The figure of Unification at a Single Common point of the Top points of the 
Three Triangles the diagram of which We had given formerly in the Knowledge Book, 
is the representational diagram of the System of Nines. 

Since each Triangle has Three Angles, the Joint Reflection Totality of each Angle 
is evaluated as M^. And the Joint Reflection Totality of Three Triangles Symbolizes the 
diagrammatic Tableau of the System of Nines as M 3 . M 3 . M 3 . 

Now, let Us disclose them in more detail. 

The First M 3 = is the Reflection Triangle of the Unified Reality. This Triangle is 

also evaluated as the Religious Reflection Triangle, as a necessity 
of the Missions it has rendered in each Period. 



fi 

a 

n 



The Second M 3 = 



The Third M 3 



is the Reflection Triangle of the Universal Totality. This Triangle 
renders effective the Scientific Projection Totality. 

is the Reflection Triangle of the Natural Dimensions. This Totality 
renders effective the Social Reflection Focal Points. 



is 

ill 



se 

2d 
m 



its 

to 



of 
is. 



92 

led 

:ed 



I 



In Your Planet, during this Final Age program of Progress, the Knowledge Book 
has been bestowed on Your Planet by the Collective Work of a Totality connected to 
the Special Council of the Unification Center of the Unified Human Reality which has 
directly undertaken a Unifying Mission together with the Cosmos Federal Assembly 
and the Golden Galaxy Dimension. 

This is the direct Program of the First M 3 Triangle. In this Program, it is obligatory 
to project all the Truths on Humanity. 

As We have said before, the Second M 3 Triangle renders effective the operations 
concerning Scientific Operational Order of the same Coordination. 

And the Third M 3 Triangle is a Mass operational Program again the same 
Coordination takes into effect by Social Relations. 

Each M 3 Totality renders reflection from Three Branches and is dependent on a 
Nine-fold Reflection and Operational System. This Operational Ordinance is called 
The System of Nines. 

Here, again We would like to disclose to You a Truth. In this Operational 
Ordinance, the figure shown as the letter M is used as a Unit of Power. And it symbolizes 
the Eagle. In Dimensions of form, the Names of the Missionary Staffs and of the Powers 
start with the letter M. 

And to change the Cipher and Frequency Power of a word, always the letter M is 
placed at the beginning. Let Us give examples: like, (Sugar- Mugar) (Cold-Mold)(Plate- 
M)ate)(World-Morld)(lce-Mice)*. It is presented for Your Information. 



Look at the Glossary. 



MECHANISM 



10)1 



16- 11 -1992 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 



Our Friends, 

Parallel to the Signals We have received from Your Thoughts, We presume that 

to disclose the Event of Ascension (Mirac in Turkish) by the Symbolic figure of the letter 
M, will bring You a different View. 

Now, when You draw a letter M and when You close it by a line at the top and a 
line at the bottom, You get 2 Right-Side-Up and one Upside-Down Triangles. The 
Right-Side-Up Triangles here comprise the Evolution of the 3rd and 4th Dimensions. 



3 - The Dimension of Your Planet. S 

4 - The Dimension of Heaven. / 



Religious Fulfillment 



For this reason the Reflection Focal Point of these Two Triangles has been shown 
as a Single Right-Side-Up Triangle in the Six-Point Star Symbol which is composed of 
Upside-Down and Right side-up Triangles representing the Reality Totality. 

In the Symbol of the M figure, the line drawn at the bottom is a Common factor 
Connecting the Two Right-Side-Up Triangles. This is Religious Evolution. In the 
Evolution of the First Triangle here, formalist Worship is in effect. 

But in the Second Triangle, Worship through the Essence is effective. And in the 
Upside-Down Triangle formed by the top line drawn on the letter M, one renders the 
Worship of Consciousness, and the Event which is called ASCENSION (MiRAC in Turkish) 
is this. The actual Missions begin after this boundary. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



18- 11 - 1992 



GENERAL MESSAGE 



Our Friends, 

If no result can be obtained from all the operational Ordinances applied on Your 
Planet by the Universal Totality, the System is obliged to change the Suggestions 
immediately and to render effective the Orders which will be created by more Positive 
operational Totalities. 

The Purpose is to carry out the Program in a healthier way. In the Universal 
Totality, there is no favouritism, no taking sides by any means. Everyone deserves a 
Reward as a necessity of the Effort he/she makes. 

For this reason whichever Totality renders Effective the operational Ordinance 
the Reality requires parallel to the Suggestions given to You and creates that Totalistic 
Aura, that place is card-indexed into the Universal Totality as the CENTRAL Focal Point. 



1012 



• mh» i| WlMl 



Up until today, it has been told to all the Focal Points which have served in Your 
Planet on the path of the Universal Totality, that they were the Centers, due to the 
Totalistic Auras they had created. 

Totalities in which Individual Egos come into effect relying on this word, are 
immediately taken outside the System's supervision. 

In the Universal Totality, the matter of the creation of Auras is not equivalent to 
the Mass majority. The required Aura is created by a Coordinate Totality formed, for 
the same Coal, by the Conscious services of all the Consciousnesses. 

As long as the Mentality of Vou-Me is in effect in a Totality, the expected Aura is 
never formed, no matter how plentiful the number of Individuals present in a Medium 
may be. 

The First Factor in the creation of an Aura is the Totality of Love, the Second 
Factor is the respect of the Individuals to other Individuals, and the Third Factor is 
Mission Consciousness. 

Even if they were told that They were the Centers, Totalities lacking these 
Consciousnesses are deprived of this Right which had been given to Them formerly by 
the Universal Totality. 

At ,he moment, since in the Anatolian Totality the Aura the Reality requires in 
accordance with the Universal Procedure has been created in the Totality of Istanbul, 
the System has taken into effect the Central Aura Directly in connection with this 
Channel. It is presented for Your Information. 

CENTRAL TOTALITY 

Note: 

Central Auras are variable. They are taken into effect parallel to the services rendered. 



19-11 - 1992 



VULOM 



Our Friends, 

Vulom is the Electro-Magnetic Attraction Power Field. The Vulom Field is an 
Attraction Power Field in which various Central Totalities Unite. From the Energy 
Transformation fields here, one can easily go to more Advanced Systems. 

Administrative and Divine Mechanisms give service directly out of this Vulom 
Power Field. This System is applied on the Transition Power Units of Galactic Dimensions 
and thus, Attraction Power Fields are created. All Galactic journeys are made by this 
means. It is presented for Your Information. 



SYSTEM 



Note: 



Astral trips, Inter-Galactic Conveyance and Methods of Beaming up are created 
by the Attraction Power of these Electro-Magnetic Power Fields. 



1013 



i 



19- 11 - 1992 



Fl RMAM ENT 



Our Friends, 

The Firmament is the Final Dimension to which a Person's Consciousness reaches 
at a particular moment. When each Person enters the influence field he/she has created 
between the World and his/her own Consciousness Layer, the Final Boundary his/her 
Consciousness Totality attains is called the FIRMAMENT. 

The Firmament is unveiled Layer by Layer according to each Consciousness. For 
this reason, the Firmament presents variability as Dimension in accordance with the 
Consciousness Totality of each Individual. This is the very reason why We evaluate the 
Firmament as the Final Boundary Dimension each Consciousness Frequency can reach. 

This Message has been given as an answer to Thoughts. 

SYSTEM 

17-12- 1992 

THE MECHANICAL SYSTEM 
(Answer to the Chains of Thought) 

Our Friends, 

The Mechanical System is a Supervision Mechanism beyond Galaxies working 
in connection with the Lordly Plan. All the Totalities which have Integrated in the 
Crude Matter form are connected to the Mechanical System. 

The Mechanical System is an Operational Ordinance all the Galactic Totalities 

have rendered effective at their Existential Dimensions in accordance with the Laws of 
18 Systems. 

The Energy Totalities Existing beyond these Dimensions are Divine Mechanisms 
rendering effective the Operational Ordinances pertaining to the Advanced Dimensions 
of the Spiritual Plan. 

All the Energies which had come into Existence way beyond the Lordly and the 
Technological Dimensions are beyond the Mechanical Dimension. For example, the 
Light-Universe is not a Mechanical Dimension. 

All Entities who enter Cosmic Influence fields are Totalities who render effective 
the operational Ordinances connected to a Mechanical Dimension. It is presented for 
Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



OL 

th 



Pr 



re 
di 



Pf 
w 



n 
g 






o 

C 
o 



n 
L 

C 



1014 



mmmmm 



**■ 






19 - 12 - 1992 



IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION 



Our Friends, 

All the Suggestions given to Your Planet as a necessity of the System, are the Collective 
Operations rendered effective in accordance with the wishes of all the Universal Ordinances. 

During the operations made at the Universal Totality, Individualistic Actions are 
out of question by all means. It is imperative to apply exactly the given Suggestions in 
the Programs of attaining the Awareness of the Ordinance. 

For this reason the same Application is expected from the operational Ordinances 
Projected on Your Planet. 

However, no Universal Suggestion (Your Sacred Books included) could ever be 
rendered effective parallel to the System's Requirements up until today, due to the 
drawbacks originating from the Terrestrial Views. 

The Supreme Realm which gives Priority to the Humanly Weaknesses, has made 
changes (in every Period) in the Suggestions it has given, always considering Your 
Potentials You can exhibit. The Purpose is to appropriate to one's self a System and to 
walk on that path Consciously. 

For this reason no compulsion is exerted even in the Sacred Suggestions. 
Therefore, in the operational Ordinances created in Your Planet, always the Suggestions 
given Latest are considered Valid. It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



28-12- 1992 



IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION 



Our Friends, 

During these Final operational Programs applied on Your Planet, the Supreme 
Mechanism and the System taking the Terrestrial Views and Consciousnesses into 
consideration, have rendered effective the maximum Flexibility in the operational 
Ordinances they have expected of You, both in the Lale Operations and the Operations 
of the 1 8s. 

During the work done, the Individual excuses not comprised by the very important 
excuses are registered from the Diskettes as Points of Irresponsibility. 

Even the Friends' who can not come to the Croup meetings Getting in Touch by 
means of Phone Connections, is a factor which lightens these irresponsibilities. In the 
Universal Totality, each Individual in Your Planet has a Value according to his/her 
Consciousness Light. 



1015 



However, when the Irresponsibilities of Individuals reach the time the Universal 
Totality has assessed for them, that Friend is rendered ineffective in connection with 
the Automatism and the Right to Work is given to another Friend. 

In Your Planet, always a Selection is rendered in the Operational Ordinances 
coming into effect parallel to Individualistic Views. The Suggestions given to You are 
Directly the Suggestions of the System. 

And on this path, everyone's attaining a strong Conviction by kindling his/her 
Genuine Consciousness Light happens by each Establishment's Administrative Totality's 
Essence Quality and Capability. 

On this path, to receive the Information and to attain Allegiance by one's Totality 
of Essence are quite different things. 

The Supreme Mechanism which expects the exact application of the given 
Suggestions from You, from now on, will set out together with Strong Consciousnesses. 
It is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



IT 



Exi: 
Eva 
Esse 



hav 
Pov 



the 
Pro. 



Pote 
not 



with 
the> 
is ce 



com 
Tota 



ESSE 

its o- 

it is 



Proo 
Durii 



asth 

Prog 
the I 



Indiv 
Unite 



1016 




wummmm 



30- 1 - 1993 

IT IS EXPLANATION ABOUT THE SPIRIT AND THE EVOLUTION OF ESSENCE 

(It Is Answer to Thoughts) 

Our Friends, 

ESSENCE is a Power Focal Point in which an Entity renders Effective his/her 
Existential Program Mutually with his/her Gene Cipher. The Potential preparing the 
Evolvement of the Spiritual Values in the Medium of Matter occurs by the Evolution of 
Essence of that Individual. 

All the Essences who are present in Supreme Spiritual Realms are Totalities who 
have Evolved. During the Initial Existence, the Essences were a Whole from the same 
Power. That is, they were all an Equivalent Power. 

However, in Reincarnation Dimensions rendered effective in accordance with 
the Program of Evolution, the Essence renders effective a more intensive and full 
Program parallel to the Consciousness of the Medium it is in, by the Consciousness 
Light attained during the process of Time. This is called the EVOLUTION OF ESSENCE. 

The (ESSENCE) which represents Your Existence-Nucleus in Your Planet is a Power 
Potential present in Your Gene Cipher Program. This Potential is a Whole which can 
not be measured by any Unit of Time. 

This (ESSENCE) is a Power connecting You to the Life Energy Thread which is 
within the Spiritual Totality. In Dimensions in which the Truths are not Known yet, 
they call the SPIRIT, the Totality of connection of the Spiritual Thread with this Essence 
is called The Spirit. 

However, the Spirit is not within the Human Being. It is a Totalistic Power 
comprising the Universal Totality. When everything had come into Existence, this 
Totality, too, had come into Existence at the same instant. 

Presently, Your Planet utilizes one Tenth of the Energy within this Whole. The 
ESSENCE continues to Evolve until it renders Equivalent, by the Evolution it has made, 
its own Power Potential with the Power Potential within the Spiritual Totality to which 
it is connected. 

And then, both of the Totalities, as a Whole, are connected to the ONE. This 
Procedure is called claiming of the Spiritual Power which is within the Spiritual Totality. 
During this very Stage, a Human Being becomes a Genuine Human Being. 

This Procedure is a Program rendered effective at the 7th Dimension evaluated 
as the Final Manifestation Boundary of Humanity, in accordance with the Evolutionary 
Program. The Spirit does not need Evolution. But the ESSENCE needs Evolution for 
the Evolution of the Individual. 

Since the Evolution of the ESSENCE functions parallel to the System it is in, the 
Individual always remains in a state of Quest until the Consciousness of the ESSENCE 
Unites with the Cell Awareness and is connected to the LOGIC of the ESSENCE. 



1017 



The ESSENCE-LOGIC, as the Totality of the Heart, takes the ESSENCE under 
Supervision and connects its Consciousness, that is (the Consciousness of the ESSENCE) 

to the Terrestrial Logic. This is the very circumstance of unison of the Intellect and the 
Heart. From then on, the Terrestrial Intellect acts by the Consciousness of the Heart 
and by the Voice of the Heart and thus, attains Perfection. 

Each ESSENCE has a Transmission Field according to the Evolution Consciousness 
it is in. However, Negativity is not in the ESSENCE, but in the Terrestrial Thoughts. 

Since the Transmission of the ESSENCE emanated by ESSENCES who still have 
deficiency of Evolution can not supervise the Negative Thoughts of the Terrestrial 
Consciousness, It, too, exhibits the same Transmission, while this Transmission passes 
through the Negative Field of the Thought. And this is called The Negative Transmission 
