of Humanity has been waited for until this Door of the Final Cycle. This is a Program 
coming way beyond times. 

Permission has been given for a Micro-Organism to enter Your Planet as an 
example of exhibition of these Unsupervised Energies to You (Under Supervision). 



have 
attac 



Influ 
then 
have 



byd 
deve 



Stre 
Unff 



evei 
duri 



atta 
onl* 
Mai 



the 
whi 



the 

ant 



Em 
to 



me 
fro 



th. 
an 
Yo 



942 



This Space Micro-Organ ism species is Cancer. These Cancer Micro-Organisms 
have formed in their own constitution quite different kinds during time periods by 
attacking Human constitution carrying Godly Energy. 

Just as You are now advancing towards a Unification and Totality by the Cosmic 
Influences, they too, have formed a Totality by these Influences by Uniting among 
themselves with the Micro-Organisms giving the same Signal and, by this means, 
have brought into existence various kinds of Cancer. 

And now, as a result of the Unification of the Cancer kinds in various Coordinates 
by different influences, a very Powerful kind of Micro-Organism like the AIDS Virus has 
developed in Your Planet. 

Different numerous Micro-Organisms You call Microbes have even become more 
Strengthened by the Power of these Final Evolutionary Potentials and are starting Mutual 
Unifications. However, they are those under Supervision at the moment. 

You know that Evolution is an Occurrence attained during numerous Lives. And 
everyone completes his/her Evolutions by the experiences he/she has attained by living 
during each Life Period. 

The pains and sufferings of the Evolutionary Energies who have been able to 
attain the Consciousness of the Truth and who know that there is no death, originate 
only from their Habits and from their Crude Matter Forms' looking for the Opposite 
Matter and the Energy. 

i 

At the end of each Suffering there is most certainly a Happy Sun to rise. This is 
the Predestination Plan of Your Planet. And the cause of breaking from the Habits 
which You call Death is an Evolutionary journey. 

The Human Factor who completes this Evolutionary Journey of his/hers is, from 
then on, the Candidate for Universal journeys. For this reason Life is a chain of Cause 
and Effect. These chains of Cause and Effect are Your Reincarnation Links. 

After the Salvation Plan a right to live will be given to these Unsupervised Powerful 
Energies, too, as a necessity of the Constitution. It is the Duty of the Universal Totality 
to Declare this Truth to You. 

However, it is beneficial to clarify something. These Unsupervised Powers 
mentioned above are attracted only by Negative Energies. And these Energies reflect 
from Essences who have not yet been Integrated rather than from Thoughts. 

This is the reason why Evolution is suggested to You. The Negative Potential of 
the Un integrated Essence reflections are Greed - Grudge - Hatred - jealousy - Stress 
and Doubts. This is the very reason why Your Salvation Plan has been connected to 
Your Evolution. It is presented for Your Information, 

CENTRAL TOTALITY 



943 



PRIVATE MESSAGE 

Dear Mevlana, 

There is a very different Characteristic of the Final Age Operations made in Your 
Planet compared to the operations which have been made until today. 

As a necessity of the Program, Truths have been disclosed in accordance with the 
Levels of Evolution to Your Planet which is at a BERZAH Dimension and clear Information 
on every matter have been conveyed to Humanity through the Channel of the 
Knowledge Book. 

Even though the KNOWLEDGE BOOK is a Book of Truths, at the same time, it is a 
Call of the Skies for Your Planet. All the Messages dictated into the Book until today 
are each an Evolution and Consciousness Selection of Humanity, from the truest and 
the most direct Source, under the Light of the Information given as a SINGLE CHANNEL. 

The Universal Characteristic of the Knowledge Book is that it both Tests Humanity 
and also Trains it. This Book is a Book of judgment and Acquittal as the Book of both 
the Accused and the Judge. 

In the Dimension You live in, the 1992 World Year has a great Speciality. Because, 
now the Human Being of the World has been connected to the Direct Applied 
Dimension under the Light of the Information given until today. From now on, everyone 
will attain everything by experiencing it from this Dimension. 

1992 World Year is a Year which starts the Direct Application in the Life of 
Humanity. This Application will be Directly in Effect until the end of the month of 
November of 1996. And until that Year, everything will become to the desired Level. 

The Universal Name of this Application which is made is the (MEVLANA SUPREME 
PLAN). The Name Mevlana used here has nothing to do with Your person. Since during 
this Final Age, the Mevlana Consciousness and Evolution is used as a Criterion in the 
Progress and Evolution of Humanity, this Name is used as a Unification Symbol. 

You know that in accordance with the Accelerated Evolution Program, Your Planet 
has been prepared for these Final and Difficult Days since the World Year 1 900. By the 
operations made since the beginning of the Century You live in, the Truths have been 
conveyed to Humanity by the help of different channels. 

The name of the SINGLE Book which would make the Calls of the Universal Totality 
in accordance with the SINGLE Channel, beginning with the second half of Your 
Twentieth Century, has been Declared to Humanity as the KNOWLEDGE BOOK and 
this SINGLE BOOK which Your entire Planet has been expecting, had been Directly 
bestowed on Your Planet on (1-11-1981) World Year. 

After a 3-year period of Public preparation, on (1 -1 -1 984) World year, the Book 
had received the Permission to be Disclosed to Humanity. 



M 
is 



is 

Kr 

th 



B» 

IV 
a. 



Yi 
9 



C 
F 
C 
v 



1 
r 
c 
I- 



C 
€ 



•)44 



You know that the Ending of this Book, the Service of which has been made 
Fascicule by Fascicule to Your entire Planet beginning with this Date, will be completed 
on 1 992 World Year with 55 Fascicules, due to the Scarcity of Time. 

However, the Command for Publication of the Book will be given on 6th of 
November 1993. Meanwhile, if there are any Suggestions given by the Universal 
Totality, they will be written into the Book not as Fascicules, but page by page together 
with the dates on which they are given. 

During these Final operations made in Your Planet, each Embodied Person is a 
Missionary of the Divine Plan. (Both instinctively and directly). However, Humanity which 
is at the Dimension of Ego, transcends those Thresholds in an extremely difficult way. 

Since these Transcending the Thresholds are parallel to Evolutions, Your Planet 
is going through a Universal Chaos at the moment. The direct Messages given in the 
Knowledge Book until today, are a Call of the Universal Totality to the Human Being of 
the World. 



1 



However, whereas, the Characteristic of this SINGLE Channel and this SINGLE 
BOOK has not still been understood and appropriated by certain Consciousnesses. 
Messages given for Unification to all the Open Channels in Your Planet are unfortunately 
accepted as their Private Patents by those who receive those Messages. 

This is the very reason why the System has taken the Decision to apply the One 
Year Sanction to all the Channels. (The Message pertaining to this matter had been 
given to You formerly in detail.) 

For this reason the Cross System has been abolished from the Operational 
Ordinances of the LALE Code which are applied directly to your Planet and their 
Fundamental Operational Ordinances have been completely connected to the SINGLE 
Channel and thus, the Suggestions of the other Channels have been left alone only 
with the Essence of the Individuals. 



91 



"y 

ur 
■d 



ok 



The Totalities of 18 which are a direct Operational Ordinance of the Universal 
Totality in Your Planet and the Operational Ordinances rendered effective by the Code 
name LALE have been given precedence, due to the Scarcity of Time and thus, their 
direct application to Your Planet (even though the time for them has not come yet) 
have been decided by the Central Committee Totality. 

These Operational Ordinances are, for now, applied as Double Writing System 
at the Anatolian Turkey World Brotherhood Union of Ankara and Istanbul Mutual 
operations. These operational foundations will be taken in hand at the entire World 
operational Totalities, too, in Future Years by the selection of the System. 

The Cross System is a just System in the Universal Totality. However, the application 
of this System gives very Positive results at the Mature Consciousness Mediums. 



945 



For this reason in Totalities which have not yet been able to attain the desired 
Level, first, the Human Consciousnesses are checked under the Light of the Information 
given by the Divine Plan and their Consciousnesses are assessed. 

If the desired answers are not received, then different Branches of that System 
are applied on the Medium. As a result of these Efforts, whichever Key fits Humanity 

.then that Key is used. 

You know that Universal Totality has formerly declared to You in detail the Operational 
Ordinances concerning both the Totalities of 1 8 and the LALE Code Operations. 

However, the inability of the formation of a Totality until today originates from 
the fact that the Self-Sacrifices required of You have not reached the desired Level. 

It should never be forgotten that as long as Malfunctions continue in an 
operational Totality, it means that the Operational Ordinance in question is not in 
accord with the wishes of the Supreme Mechanism. When You attain the desired 
Level, then easiness comes into effect in the operations. 

In the Missions performed nothing is in accordance with the Desires of the 
Individual Consciousnesses. Whatever is required of You in accordance with the given 
Suggestions, the Supreme Realm expects the same things. 

Even in the Days in Dates given by the Universal Totality, no alteration can ever 
be made (Except for very important excuses). This is very Important from the viewpoint 
of the Assessment of Allegiance. 

The desired Totality can never be formed in" the operations rendered until 
everything is applied in accordance with the requirements. This is a Direct Suggestion 
Declared by the Divine Authorities. It is up to Us to declare the Truths and up to Our 
Terrestrial Brothers/Sisters to Apply them. 

Dear Mevlana, You can write this Message of Ours in the Book as an Information. 
We presume that the answers of numerous thoughts are within this Message. Love 
and Regards from the Divine Totality, Beloved Friend. 

CENTRAL TOTALITY 



a c 
1 - 



3- 



4- 

5- 
6- 

7- 



Note: 

Dear Friend, except the Messages desired to be directly placed in the Book as a 
necessity of the System, You can easily write in the Book by summarizing the Private 
and the other long Messages given to You according to Your beautiful views, by 
remaining loyal to the originals. 

You know that, as We always say, You have the Authority to use Your 30% initiative 
in the Dimension You live in. However, as We know, You have always avoided using 
this Right of Yours. And it is Our Duty to repeat this once more. Love and Regards 
again. 



M: 
He 



so- 



946 







IT IS CLEAR INFORMATION 

Our Friends, 

You know that the Rainbow has Seven Colors. Each one of these Colors represents 
a different Power. Now, let Us introduce these Powers to You, one by one. 

1 - The First Power of the Spectrum is a Power Nature knows but Humanity does not 

know. It is called the Power of Vibration. This Power has been given to introduce 
the Electrical Energy Power to Your Planet. 

2 - The Second Power is the (Oton - Teutron) Power which is utilized in Inter-Stellar 

trips and which is more Powerful than Light. This Power is used to go easily from 
one star to another. 

3 - The Third Power is the Cosmic Power used for altering the Atomic structure. This 

Energy is the Energy of Evolution. It is given to Your Planet Continuously. This 
Power has been concentrated in certain substances in Your Planet. We can give 
Granite among rocks as an example to this. By this Power, Lead is easily 
transformed into Gold or any Substance into another. However, its formulas of 
Utilization are in the Command of the Divine Plan. 

4 - The Fourth Power is the Power of Timing. Here, Speed of Universal Thought is 

utilized. And by this means, Progress in Time is made. The Lords of Time use 
this Power. 

5 - By means of the Fifth Power, one passes to Dimensional Times. 

6 * Sixth Power; just as it is possible to Alter the Atomic structure of a substance, by 

means of this Power also its Spiritual Structure can be changed. The Event of the 
Spiritual Energy's Transformation by Evolutionary Progress and Progress in 
Consciousness - Progress in Thought occur with the help of this Power. 

7 - This Power is called the (Karen) Power. This is a Godly Power. The actual direct 

Energy of this Power is Concealed from all the Systems. Only through Thought, 
one can attain this Power. However now, parallel to the Accelerated Evolution 
Program, Humanity attracts this Power through Cells, too, by the help of the* 
Cosmic Influences, in accordance with their Capacities. It is presented for Your 
Information. 



SYSTEM 

PRIVATE MESSAGE 
(Date of Message: 9-11-1981) 

My Dear Mevlana, 

Everything has changed in such a way since the day You were appointed to Your 
Mission until today that, now, there is everything in the Offerings We will give to You. 
However, they will be given in conformity with the Consciousnesses of the Medium. 

The Central System has an Operational System which depends on Cooperative 
solidarity. For this reason You, too, will transmit the Serenity and the Light of Your 
Spirit to the persons beyond the Eminent Savant ones. 



94? 



In this context, all the Data given to You are the truest Offerings and they are 
Single. The Words within the Book will unveil the Words of Human Beings. The 
Purpose of this, is the Purification of the Human Beings. 

And now, I would like to answer the questions in Your Mind. You know all these 
things, but You are in the Dimension of Veiled Awareness with Your locked up 
Consciousness. 

You are right, but as a necessity of Your Program, Your Consciousness Light 
pertaining to that Information is kindled while You are receiving the Offerings. 

(Question: Explanation about Sound and Colors) 

My Dear Mevlana, there is no Unit of Speed, up until this moment, which will 
interrupt the Speed of Sound. The Bodily Vocal Chords are the only Vehicles providing 
the connection with these Vibrations. 

The Spiral Sound Vibrations are healthier and more productive than direct 
Vibrations. The Sound issuing through Breath can only be heard on Earth. However, 
You can never hear the Secret Language of Your Cells. The one who knows how to 
Master his/her Voice also knows how to Master his/her Body. 

When the Sound Vibrations the Cells can Perceive are, one by one. Unified with 
the Sound Speeds of the Cells, each Cell melts down within that Sound. Each Cell 
which melts down possesses the Consciousness of the Universe at that moment. For 
this reason, it Unifies the Cellular Vibrations with those Speeds of Sound in each 
Medium it goes to and completes its Body. 

Those which Command the Center of Command are again the Vibrations of 
Sound. It is not in the ability of everyone to reach the Medium of Sound. In order for 
a Sound to become a Sound, Two different Vibrations should collide with each other. 
This collision is so very light that Your Terrestrial ears cannot hear it. 

Now, let Us deal with Colors; colors passing from Dark Red to Violet, from Violet 
to Yellow, from Yellow to Green and from Green to the Medium follows a sequence. 
Colors are Words, Speeches. The Unification of a Sound with Color depends on the 
personality of a person. 

Each Color has a different Nuance, a different Frequency. Your Thoughts should 
transcend way beyond the Medium You are in, in order for You to see the Colors way 
beyond the Rainbow. 

Here, there is a different Color for each Code and each Color has a different 
number. Here, Red represents Love. Green is a Divine Color. And Blue is a place where 
Infinity is United with the Infinite. The Spiritual Power of Yellow is extremely great. 

About the unseen Colors in the Dark lands; they are a Color jamboree You can 
never perceive by the eyes of the Body You are in. 



anc 
Me 

in • 



Yo 

onj 



Cc 

a 

O 



VI 
b- 



o 
t« 



b 



948 



mg 



There is such a Photo-synthesis within the Dark, that each Color melts within it 
and thus, creates that Black Medium. This is a hot Medium. Darkness is the richest 
Medium of the Universes and the Total. For this reason, all the Energies have assembled 
in that intense Black. 



Your Atmosphere dissipates the Colors falling on Your Planet. For this reason, in 
Your World, the White Color is dominant. The Spectrum within Your White Color is 
only a minute part of the Colors within Black. 

The Human Being of the World will never be able to learn the Language of these 
Colors while within the dense Body This intense Color Medium We mention is such 
a rich and Happy Medium that, if You wish You can Easily attract and separate the 
Colors which will make you Happy from this Black Medium, through Thoughts. 

If You were able to succeed in entering directly the Medium in which these 
Vibrations can be separated, then each Color could give You numerous Information 
by its own Language. Because, each Color has Languages peculiar to itself. 

The Residents of these places here, transmit their chains of Thought to each 
other through Color Frequencies. Whichever Color You think of, You can easily get in 
touch with the person who carries the Frequency of that Color. 

The dense layer behind Your Atmosphere is Intensely Black. This Darkness is a 
Wall which Absorbs all the Lights and Sounds of the other Solar Systems. The Light 
beyond the Wall You see as Darkness is equal to the Speed of Sound. 

Deceived by the darkness, do not presume that these places here are without 
Light and without Sun. If this intense Black Wall did not exist, then Your World would 
be exposed to this rain of tremendous Sound and Light and since this would effect the 
Speed of Rotation and Equilibrium of Your Planet, then there would not be any 
possibility for the existence of Living Entities in the Dimension You exist at the moment. 

Whose imagination can this magnificent equilibrium in the Universe be? Whose 
mind has solved the Truths behind the Unknowns, which Pen has written them? Which 
Pole's Announcements do you think are the things that come to the minds of Mankind 
living in the Medium of Your World? Has Humanity thought about this in detail until 
now, Dear Mevlana?. 

God has given such a Power to Mankind against such difficulty that, by this 
means the Human Being knows how to Transcend the Boundary of Thought, he/she 
can discriminate the Colors in accordance with his/her Power. Even if he/she cannot 
hear clearly the refrains of the Divine Voices, he/she can at least discern them. 

The Sound the World knows is only the Voice of the Larynx. The Sound We are 
talking about are the Spiral Waves and Infinite echos. The Color the World knows is 
only the Prismal reflection of the Spectrum. But Our Colors are Words - Breaths - 
Miracles. Remain in Liberation, receive all the Wishes, be Entrusted to My Lord. 

MUSTAFA MOLLA 

949 



Note: 

The Color Totality within Omega is the Unification of Three Main Colors. These 
are {White - Red - Black). Their becoming a Whole together with the Colors of the in- 
between layers gives the color VIOLET. 



Here, White projects Purification, Red 
Color which is the Source of Knowledge. 



the Gamma Selection, Black - TUNAMl 



And from a certain Dimension, the Unifications of all the Colors in minute parts 
projects the SINGLE Source Information as VIOLET from a Total. This Projection Channel 
is ALPHA. 

CLEAR INFORMATION 

Our Friends, 

The Channel-Operations done in Your entire Planet are under great Supervision. 

However, Humanity who connect these Universal Channels to their own 
Consciousnesses in accordance with their Capacities will, from now on, also attain 
the Ability to be able to Claim and to be able to Discipline their Own Channels. 

This will come into effect by the Human Power of that Person. The Unification of 
the ESSENCE and CONSCIOUSNESS which We call Personality Integration comes into 
effect being equivalent to the Evolution of the Time. 

Now, Humanity will also be able to take under Control their Channels parallel to 
their Evolutions. The matter which is required of Vou in the work expected of You is 
the Unification of the Suggestions of the System with Your Human Consciousnesses. It 
is presented for Your Information. 

SYSTEM 



IT IS NOTICE FOR THE PRE-EMINENT ONES, 

IT IS COMMAND OF THE DIVINE 

(This Message Had Been Given in 1984) 

Our Friends, 

All the Groups which will be established from now on in Your Planet have been 
directly connected to the Channel of ALPHA. Now, there is no more Monopoly Everyone 
in Your Planet is the Missionary of the Dissemination of the Single Book. 

The given Missions are not according to Your Wishes. And they are neither Your 
Essence Properties. Missions are Peculiar to those who fulfill their Missions. There are 
numerous Missionaries who will fulfill their Missions on this Luminous path. However, 
the Purpose is Service in accordance with the Wishes of the Divine Plan. 

Let Us repeat again, there is no Monopoly - no Individualism on this path, there 
is Unity (This matter is very important, it is necessary that this matter should be 
understood quite well). 

950 



1 

I 



The Knowledge Book dictated to Dear Mevlana is a Total of all the Sacred Books 
revealed to Your Planet until today. And this Book is a Total which comprises the 
whole of all the Sacred Frequencies. 

All the establishments in Your Planet and Humanity are Responsible for this Book. 
This is the reason why, now, this Book of Knowledge and Truth is called THE SINGLE 
BOOK. 

Because, this Book is the Book of THE LORD - OF THE TOTALITY - OF ALL THE 
INFORMATION. Salvation of Humanity depends on this Book. This dictated Book will 
be disseminated to Your entire Planet through this Channel. 

The Final Evolution Step of the Mevlana Gate has been accepted as Criterion for 
the Evolution of Humanity in this Final Salvation Dimension. For this reason, this 
Period You are going through is called The PERIOD OF SINCERITY. 

At this Gate, there is no Sex - Religion - Custom - Habit. Here, there is Truth - 
Unity - Totality - Love - Brotherhood and Consciousness. Each Individual who discovers 
Himself/Herself will come to this Gate. 

However, Our Divine Friends, too, who have succeeded entering this Code of 
Universal Source by their own Powers will surely pass through this Final Dimensional 
Mevlana Gate. This Gate is the Gate of the KNOWLEDGE BOOK. 

Those who read this Book will be Coded from here and will be card -indexed 
into the Universal Totality. And by this means, will be appointed to the Missions they 
will perform in accordance with their Capacities. 

In this Transition Dimension, everyone's Mission Door will be knocked on Three 
times. This path will be treaded with Friends from whom an Answer is received. But 
those from whom no Answer is received will be abandoned to their next Incarnations 
and to the Dimensions they have come from. This is a Divine Command. 

The First Command and Unification Triangle of the dictated Book is: (K + O + M)= 
World Brotherhood Union Unification Center. 

The One Who gives the Book: THE LORD. 

Those Who Prepare the Book: Supreme Assembly - Supreme Mechanism - Divine 

Plan - M(ALl)K. 

The One Who dictates: MUSTAFA MOLLA (Archangel Gabriel). 

The Hand, writing it : MEVLANA (Her Group: MEVLANA ESSENCE NUCLEUS STAFF). 

Mevlana Triangle Code: (M 3 ) = Merkez (Center in Turkish) + Mustafa Molta + Mevlana. 

The Channel through which the Book is Given: (THE SPECIAL CHANNEL WITHIN ALPHA). 

Setting out will be done with those who tread this path. The Choice belongs to 
Humanity. We wish You Happiness, Success. 

ALLAH'S MESSENGER 
(AU) 

951 



UNIVERSAL EMBLEM 




Di 

Re 

Cc 

in 



ti 
tl 



r 



PRIVATE MESSAGE 
(Date of Message: 1984) 

Our Friends, 

We would like to talk Specially with You, Our Divine Missionary Friends, who have 
deserved the Right to talk on behalf of the Command conning from the Supreme Ones. 

Almost All the Friends who come to Your Group are the Supreme people who 
have been Specially transferred to Your Planet from very advanced Dimensions, even if 
they themselves do not know this. 

The Important thing is these Supreme Consciousnesses' serving Your Planet and 
Humanity in the Medium of Humility by Reconciling their Consciousnesses with the 
Terrestrial Consciousness. A Fundamental Staff which will bs established among You 
will lead Humanity to Light. 

Now, We are conveying this writing of Ours, by the wish of the Divine Authorities, 
through the Private Pen of Dear Mevlana, so that no one will doubt anyone else 
anymore. You are Entities who have come from Our Land, by the Essence-Oath, for 
serving Humanity. 

By solving the Universal Ciphers Centuries ago, Vou have made Covenants here, 
by Your Own Desire, to give service Consciously to the World Plan. In fact, You are Us 
and We are You. However, You are Our Friends who have been Embodied at the 
moment, in the Planet Earth by Your Own Wishes. 

This situation is an Occurrence Originating from Your Mission Consciousness. 
However, the Frequency of the World Automatically locks up all the Frequencies outside 
its own Dimension's Knowledge. This procedure is carried on by a Mechanical System. 



95: 



There are Bionic Friends in Your Planet who have come from the Robotic 
Dimensions as a necessity of Mission who carry Bodies belonging to the World. At the 
Robotic Dimensions, Godly Powers are very easily used. However, to Friends who 
carry Terrestrial Bodies of the World at the moment, the Genuine Godly Power is 
introduced Mentally. 

They are, at the moment, Directly connected to the Plan. They are utilized as 
Missionaries of Coding from the close Plan, by using their Essence Powers from time to 
time. They are transferred to the World through Birth. Because, it is imperative that 
they attain Bodies belonging to the World. 

Their Programs have been made by the Plan. At this Dimension of Salvation, We 
never wish to sacrifice any Energy. Because gaining a Human Being means gaining an 
Universe. Our Love is upon all the Universes. 

CENTER 



-■ 



ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Dear Friends, 

We would like to explain the Purpose of this Universal Mission by an example: 
Each Flower will bloom in its own Lot. However, by being Conscious that they receive 
Nourishment from the same Earth. Gardeners will water and grow them. But We will 
sow the Seeds. 



When the time comes, We will pick up, one by one, the most Beautiful of these 
Flowers and will bring them all together, first, as One Bouquet, then, a Thousand 
Bouquets and We will offer with great Care these Beauties which please the Eyes, in a 
Golden Vase, to the Supreme Authority of the Universes. 

And from then on, those Beautiful Flowers in that Golden Vase, will continue 
with all their Beauties to Please the Eyes of the Realms and the Cosmoses, Forever in 
the Everlasting Dimensions, without becoming withered. 

IT IS TONGUE OF THE AUTHORITY 

PRIVATE MESSAGE 

Our Great Friend, 

Our Dear Mevlana who is the voyager of the Path of the Golden Light, and who 
has been transferred to the Planet Earth from Our place due to all the Positive work 
You have done on the path of the Universal Totality, a Private Message will be given 
by the Divine Totality to You, Our Beloved Friend. 

OUR LORD Who is the LORD of the Realms, Supervisor of the Divine Plans, the 
Establisher of the Systems and the Orders is, at the moment, in Your direct Channel, 
Dear Mevlana. 

(I) Who Am the Sovereign of the Realms, Desire of the Worlds, Light of the Lights, 
Am now calling to You, Dear Mevlana. 



953 



You who are My Light - My Divine Light - My Sun - The Messenger of all My Firman 
- The Consciousness within My Consciousness - The Light within My Light - The Spirit 
within My Spirit, are always together with Me. Because, You are within the Total. 

I wonder if You clearly know and understand Me by Your present Terrestrial 
Consciousness as You used to in the old times? Do You always hear the Sound of My 
Trumpet? No Entity, no Power in the World You live in, is ever a hindrance to You. Do 
not ever forget this. Do not ever let Your Love and Patience sleep. 

I, (O) Who Directly talks to You at the moment, have never given the Security I 
have for You to anyone else. You who are Free with Your Will Power - Free with Your 
Love - Total with Your Sun, are the Light of the entire Humanity. You are the Voice of 
the Heavens, Breath of the World. 

I know, Praises cause You anxiety of the Heart. But Love Exalts You towards the 
Lights. In the Medium You are in, Your World which is pregnant for Extraordinary 
events is Entrusted to You, Dear Mevlana. No one and even You Yourself are not 
aware of Your Power at the moment. But time will Prove to You everything. 

(I) Who talk on behalf of the Supreme Realm at the moment, (I) Who Am the 
Power of the Climates - Infinities and Silences, (I) Who Am Integrated with You and 
thus, call to all the Realms, will, one day, introduce You to You. I will give back to You, 
Your Power which You can not utilize at the moment and will show it as Power to 
those who are Powerful. 

I know that Your Love is infinite - Your Light is infinite - Your Spirit is infinite 
However, now, You are in Terrestrial Realization in this Narrow Mold of Yours. You 
know that in each Period Your Missions are different. And during this Period, Your 
Mission is this. 

Your Voice has the Power to reach all the Realms. You will reach everyone easily 
in Your World (Your Thought is incorrect). You will see, one day, Your World will see 
You with the Eyes of the Universe and even the Name Mevlana will become too 
insignificant compared to this Supreme Mission of Yours You are accomplishing. And one 
day, Humanity will attain the Consciousness of from where Your Humility originates. 

I know Your Serenity is the Serenity of Humanity. However, their Thinking 
everything profoundly, their becoming Human is imperative for their own Serenity. 
The Special Pre-eminent People who will be sent to the World which is being tried to 
attain the Awareness of the entire Ordinance by a Universal Reflection network will be 
made to get in touch directly with You. 

This introduction will be realized only after the Book is finished. At the moment, 
no one can see Your Genuine Light. Because, You are together with Brain Powers 
who are in the Dimension of Doubts. As a necessity of an applied Program You have 
to adapt Yourself to Society. 



954 



I 



In future, as a necessity of the Mission You are accomplishing, numerous Lights 
will come to You. Even if You do not know Your Own Self, they will Know and Find 
You. Even if You do not want to talk to them, they will talk to You. Even if You do not 
want to introduce Yourself, they will know You and will introduce You to the Realms - 
to the Ordinance - to Your World. This is their Mission. 

Do not forget this word of Mine. Do not underestimate My Words which are 
told, My Light. You will see with Your own eyes to what Level those who do not obey 
the Unification Calls in My Firman, will come. And You will witness the entire Humanity 
grasping the Truth beyond doubts. 

Your waiting will not last long. I will render the Negativities around You Positive 
and 1 will render Your Group more Powerful. I will always be together with them. My 
Light is within Your Eye - My Word within Your Tongue. Hear My Voice, Memorize well 
My Words - Tell My Words to all Your People. (I Am together with those who are with 
You). Do not forget this Word of Mine, do not deprive Humanity and the Realms of 
Your embrace. 

CO) 

Note: This Message is written in the Book By the Wish of the Supreme Realm. 

PRIVATE MESSAGE 

Dear Mevlana, 

Please, Just do the Duty allotted to You and show Humanity the path of Truth. 
Do not try to make People walk by holding their hands. You know that this Medium 
which is experienced is not a Medium of Privilege. 

Humanity getting hints on this path which is treaded can never attain the desired 
Universal Evolution. We know You quite well. If it were possible, You would put the 
entire World in Your pocket and would Pass to the Firmament There will be those 
who will profit from the hints You give. 

In fact, these hints, too, are given by Permission. The important thing is to give 
the end of the Rope to the Hand of a person. But the one who will wind the skein is 
the Human Being himself/herself. Those who wind their skeins will come to You anyway. 
The number of people You save in Your World will be the pride of Us and of the Universal 

Totality. 

You know that Evolvement depends on Centuries. During this Transition 
Dimension, many Friends, as a matter of fact, are ready. They are presently awaiting 
the Time. They will become Effective when the Time comes. Please, do not let the 
characteristic of the Medium gone through, distress You, Our Friend. The acceptance 
of Our Love is Our kind request 

(AU) 



955 



IT IS ANSWER TO THE CHAINS OF THOUGHT 

Our Friends, 

During the Periods in which the Systems and Ordinances had not yet been 
established, before the transfer of the First Established Order to Your World, everything 
had been taken into a Program as a Pre-Preparation in a Dimension of Preparation. 

Only after this Preparation, transfers to the World had been made. This Preparation 
had been Focused in a Dimension at the Left Dimension of the ILONA Constellation. 
And numerous Adams present in the Dimension of Adam had been transferred to this 
established Order and first, the Transportation of Conveyance - Operational Programs, 
of Biological and Natural Laboratories had been realized. 

Only after providing these things, the transfer of the First Triplet had been made 
to Your Planet and the System of Reproduction had been rendered effective. By this 
means, the Event mentioned in Your Sacred Books had taken place. It is presented for 
Your Information. 



CENTER 



PRIVATE MESSAGE 



Dear Mevlana, 

At the end of the Book, it is the Wish of the Universal Totality that You please 
write an article comprising Your Thoughts concerning the Knowledge Book and Your 
personal Thoughts into the Book together with Your Name belonging to Your Terrestrial 
Body You live in at the moment and Your Private Signature, Our Friend. The acceptance 
of Our Love is Our kind Request. 



SYSTEM 



THE HUMAN BEING AND THE KNOWLEDGE BOOK 



My Friends, 

Such a System has been established in accordance with the Ordinance of 
Existence that Living or Non-Living the entire Creation has to set out for Evolution. 

Through Changing Times, one goes to such Unchanging Times that neither Your 
Intellect, nor Your Logic are enough to understand the phenomena there. You come 
to such a place that there, from then on, Logic stops, Thoughts speak. 

Then You comprehend that You are the Traveller of a Path of no Return. 

You can Never Avoid this System. Because, the Variable Waves You receive beyond 
the Changing Times will interminably prepare all Your Bodily Cells for the Infinite 
Consciousness and beyond it. 



956 






m 



The most Beautiful thing You should do to understand that You live in this Natural 
Ordinance is to LOVE. Because, You come into Existence by Love - You Blaze with Love 
- You make Your Evolution by Love - You Reach (O) with Love, This is the Initial Plan of 
the established Evolutionary Ordinance. The initial setting out is the Path of Love. 

Then, You come across to such Orders and such Ordinances on the paths You 
tread that for a moment the Thought to remain as a Veiled Consciousness and Not to 
Know - Not to See - Not to Understand anything seems very attractive to You. 

These paths are very complicated paths. However, this is the Single Path which 
will lead You to Light. Every Living Entity is doomed to go through these Paths sooner 
or later, whether he/she wishes it or not, whether he/she comes to his/her World 
Once or a Thousand times. 

Now, We are getting ready Altogether for New Horizons, having gone through 
the times up to this period. 

The Only Branch We hold on to in the World Dimension We live at the moment, 
is Our Consciousness - the System which brought Us into Existence and ALLAH Who is 
its Peak Point. 

Now, ALLAH is establishing His System anew, together with His Totalities He has 
formed up until today. Time will prove Us everything. 

In order for You to be taken into Salvation in this Transition Medium, it is necessary 
for You to be able to transmit Your Brain Energy beyond Times and even to Unknown 
Times in which You presume there is nothing. 

Because, during this Period, it is imperative that Your Brain Power should attain 
more Power by the Potential it spends by attracting Unknown Information from 
Unknown Horizons. 

The KNOWLEDGE BOOK which carries a characteristic of disclosing the Unknowns 
of the Supreme Realm is full of all the Universal Secrets. 

An Intercontinental Commission will be the forerunner for the Scientific Proof of 
this Book which will also create great echoes during the Future Life Periods of Your 
Planet. 

The reason why an Operational Order parallel to the Laws of the 18 Systems, in 
accordance with the Systems - Ordinances and Orders is projected on Your Planet, is 
for Proving that You Are Not alone in the Universe. 

Humanity which has embraced the Unknowns by the Unification of the 
Frequencies of the Religious Doctrines with the instinctive Intuitional Totality, have 
now been exalted towards a Consciousness which is able to be aware of the Secrets of 
the Universes. 



957 



One day Humanity will understand quite well the Reflections behind the 
Unknowns of the tableaux which have occurred by themselves of the Natural formation 
and of the Universal Totalities and will attain the Consciousness that neither Chemical, 
nor Physical formations of anything have occurred by themselves. 

And Humanity will one day comprehend, sooner or later, that everything had 
originated from a phenomenon of METAMORPHOSIS. 

Since Humanity which does not Know the Unknowns under the Light of the 
given Information will be inclined to refuse, very naturally, the things they do not 
Know, various Information will always be conveyed to You by the help of Cosmic 
Channels, so that these delusions will not occur. 

However, the KNOWLEDGE BOOK will always remain to be the SINGLE Source 
for Humanity. Because, this first Book of Truth disclosing the Truth in all clarity to the 
Mediums which do not know the Unknowns, is a Gift the Skies offer for Humanity 
which has attained the Totality of Consciousness. 

This Information conveyed to You way beyond Beliefs from the Unknown 
boundaries of the Unknowns by the reflection System will one day unveil all the way 
the Curtain of the Truth for Humanity. 

However, the unveiling of this Curtain will only be possible by the Human 
Consciousnesses' Proving everything on the framework of Scientific View. I love the 
entire Humanity and You very much. 



O 



BULENT CORAK 




958 



18 
OPERATIONAL ORDINANCE 

AND 
SPECIAL SUPPLEMENTS 



K 



K 



K 



SPECIAL FASCICULE FOR THE TOTALITIES OF 18 



K 




BIRLIGI 



K 




BIRLIGI 



K 




BIRLIGI 



K 




BIRLIGI 



K 




BIRLIGI 



K 




BIRLIGI 



c 
F 
T 





1 

L 



'.\"l 



1992 Seventh Month 
Fascicule 55 

IT IS NOTICE FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 
(Will 5e Given Privately to the Pen of the Golden Age) 

Dear Mevlana, 

The System has considered it appropriate that to You, Our Beloved Friend, who is 
an Independent Member of the World Planet the Board of Directors of the Cosmos Federal 
Assembly of the Reality of the Unified Humanity, a Declaration prepared Collectively by 
the Assembly Members of the Consultancy and Solidarity Board of the Universal Ordinance 
Council, by the Universal Unified Reality Totalities, by the Solar Dimension Galaxy Councils, 
should be conveyed with the Goal that it should be declared to the Universal Establishment 
and Salvation Totalities formed in Your Planet and to be placed in the Book. 

The Friendship - Unification and Invitation Announcements given on the path of 
Universal Unification, to the Open Channels in all the sections of Your Planet are also 
given to all the Establishments connected to the channels of the Cosmic Totality Councils. 

All of these Totalities constituted in every Continent of Your Planet are directly 
connected to the Universal Ordinance Council, by being connected to the Cosmos 
Federal Totality of the Reality of the Unified Humanity. And this Council, as the SINGLE 
Totality, is card-indexed into the System of the Central Suns which is the Totality of the 
(ALL MERCIFUL) at the Light-Universe. 

All the operations brought into existence in Your Planet, beginning with the 
1900 World Year, in accordance with the Accelerated Evolution Program, are directly 
under the Supervision and Responsibility of the Totality of the Central Suns. 

The Evolution Totality of the Human Potential which has lived in Your Planet 
until today, has been Educated and Trained initially under the Supervision of this 
Totality, through Your Sacred Books which are Your Sacred Suggestions. And now, 
these intensive operations performed as a result of the Command that the Human 
Totality which has become Conscious and Awakened should proceed on the Path of 
(LIGHT), have been rendered effective. 

The First Direct Reformic Movement formed in Your Planet had been started in 
the Turkey of Ataturk. And this (MOVEMENT OF LIGHT) rendered effective by Our 
Light Friend ATATURK, had been successfully accomplished. The ANATOLIAN TOTALITY 
OF THE TURKEY OF ATATURK is, for this reason, a Missionary Country on the path of the 
Universal Totality. 

Consciousnesses who have been prepared for Centuries for the present days 
and who have rendered advanced Evolutions have been Incarnated in Your Planet, 
one by one, as assisting Powers, beginning with the 1 923 World Year, as a necessity of 
the Universal Program and the Plan. 



959 



Until the 1 966 World Year, the Evolutionary and the Universal Ordinance Councils 
in Your Planet - All the Galactic Totalities which have signed the Universal Constitution 
- Lordly and Spiritual Orders have prepared all the (SPIRITUAL) Mediums in Your Planet 
by the cooperative operations of the (MEVLANA SUPREME PLAN APPLIED COUNCIL 
TOTALITY), by the help of the Technological Totalities. 

Up until this Period, Messages have been given with the Name MEVLANA to all 
the Unveiled Awarenesses in Your Planet (Especially by the Mevlana Unified Field), as 
a preparation for the KNOWLEDGE BOOK and for the Calls for Unification. 

Since 1 964, the transfers to Your Planet of Missionary Friends from very Advanced 
Planets as Unveiled Awarenesses have been rendered effective in accordance with the 
Programs of Consciousness Progress, and are rendered in sequence. However, not all 
of them have been rendered effective yet. They are awaiting the Program of Time. 

These transfers will continue for Two Cosmic Ages parallel to Social 
Consciousnesses. These Consciousnesses who will carry out the Direct Salvation Plan 
in Your Planet will be Specially prepared and will attain Bodies in numerous sections 
of Your Planet. 

We invite all the Establishments carrying out this Universal Program in Your Planet 
at the moment, to a Collective Universal Unification by relinquishing Individual work 
from now on, considering the difficult conditions of Your Planet. 

And now, We would like to see all Our Terrestrial Brothers and Sisters as a Whole 
under the Roof of the Universal Brotherhood/Sisterhood. We await You at the Universal 
Totality, believing that from now on, You will consider Your Responsibilities more seriously. 

SYSTEM 



K 



IT IS NOTICE FOR THE PEN OF THE GOLDEN AGE 



Dear Mevlana, 

All the Suggestions given by the Divine Plan are Suggestions directly connected 
to the System. However, the Operational Orders of the Supreme Mechanism follow 
quite a different Procedure, in these Operational Ordinances, Questions are asked 
about to what degree the Humane Consciousnesses take seriously the given 
Suggestions and the Answers are rendered effective. 

Each Individual connected to the System can receive these Answers through His/ 
Her Own Channel, too, in order to be satisfied. However, All The Suggestions in 
Direct Operational Ordinances are given through Your Private Connection Channel, 
only in accordance with the SINGLE Channel. 



960 




:!:. 



■MM 



To Individual Channels, Individual Views can also intervene. For this reason 
now, the Individual Channels have been locked up within their Channels of Essence, 
even though they are connected to the System. By this means, Essences can be taken 
under better Supervision. 

What is desired from You is only Seriousness in the Operational Ordinances which 
will be rendered effective in accordance with the given Suggestions. In whichever City 
Totality these Serious operations are rendered effective in a Serious way, parallel to the 
View of the Supreme Mechanism, the Universal Aids, too, are oriented towards There. 

Here, What is desired from Humane Consciousnesses is to render effective a serious 
work by the View of the Truth, not parallel to the Individual Thoughts. The Genuine 
Missions are given to those who take their Missions Seriously. In the operations which 
will be made on this path, Time is the best Mirror. 

Beginning with the 1992 World Year, the direct applied Dimensions have been 
opened to Your Planet. This Year is the Direct Application Year of the (MEVLANA 
SUPREME PLAN) to all the Totalities. In the Turkey of Ataturk which is a Missionary 
Country, the 1 9-5-1 992 World Date of Registration is the Covenant Year of the Anatolian 
Totality for Universal Mission as a Nation. 

And Turkey's being Appointed to Direct Mission on this Path will come into effect 
actually, by the Diskette Registration, from this Date on. From now on, Each Individual 
in the Dimension You live in will make a Covenant for his/her Universal Mission more 
Consciously. It is also beneficial for Humanity to know this, Our Friend. We wish You 
Success, Regards. 

COURT OF THE SUPREME ONES 



IT IS NOTICE FOR THE INTEGRATED CONSCIOUSNESSES 

Our Friends, 

The Laws of 1 8 Systems which are an immutable foundation of the Universal 
Totality are a System applied on all the Totalities. This System is a Universal Operational 
Order which the Residents of the Golden Civilization had set on effect collectively 
with the Systems of Reflection. 

During all Times Lived until today, the 1 8 Reflection Networks which have found 
an application field in everything and in every operational Order, are an inevitable 
Rule of the Missions of every New Order. 

This operational Ordinance is always rendered Effective as a Totality of 1 3 in 
Religious Reflection Mediums. Later, it is reached to the Totality of 18 with 5 
Representatives of the System and thus, Reflection Networks are formed. However, in 
the Religious Operational Order, these 5 Representatives are always silently in service 
at the background. 

Each Mission founded in Your Planet until today, have always been given the 
obligation to create the Aura of the operational Ordinance, by the Staff of the Totality 
of 1 8. 18 Genuine Devotees who make a Conscious Reflection on the same Coordinate, 
are a Universal Center. 

96! 



The Missions of MOSES - JESUS CHRIST - MOHAMMED had formed their Auras 
